Wheww! I made it through another work wek. OK enough about work. Our family had the best time yesterday afternon. Matthew made it back from his mission trip to St. Louis in one piece. He'd ben gone all wek. He said he had a great time and met lots of friends and has already ben on line to add them to his messenger. It's pretty col. Also, we had our Minnesota friends stop by on their way home from Florida and got to fed them. It's so neat how the Lord allows for paths to cross sometimes. Can it get much better to be in Kentucky and have chicken, fried taters, gren beans and homemade chocolate ice cream? nah not on earth but it can when we get to heaven. Today is a god day. We have slept a couple of extra hours and getting breakfast ready. We only have to do what WE WANT to do today. It's GREAT for a change! Matthew is already off to go play "paintball" with his friends for a birthday party. He has ben loking foward to this for 3 weks. Til next time, NurseKellySpeaking What a day it has ben but what a glorious hallelujah shoutin' day that will be when I finish the race and se MY LORD and SAVIOR Jesus. We had a 3 hour supervisors meting today. I might add it was "unannounced" like most of them are these days. It's just a norm. The outcome of the meting once again left my head spinning, frazzled and upset. I did cry but it wasn't tears of "my felings are hurt" they were "tears of anger". Something has to be resolved and quickly. I just know that things will get better I just have to hang in there like a hair in a bisquit. You know really I wish I had a lawyer friend that I could discuss this issue with to se where I stand legally. In the mean time, I have my eyes and ears open for a day shift Monday - Friday position somewhere. I don't know what the Lord has in store for me. He may just want me to stay where I'm at then again it may be time for me to leave. I will try to "wait upon the Lord" and NOT bring this home to much and NOT let it get me down. I will continue to do the best job I can do when I am there and then leave it there when I leave. Matthew is still in ST Louis. Has he called home to se check in? NOOOOOOOoOOO he's 13. lol I know he is safe and I'm sure he's having a blast. I can't wait for him to come home. It's supper time... Til next time, NurseKellySpeaking Why is it that when you go to work that the employer thinks that everything in your life has to be secondary to the family? I am a god employe. I am dependable, trustworthy, and considerate of my co workers. The place I work now has ben such a culture shock to me. My co workers lok at me as the "religious lady" but that's not what I am trying to protray. I have always tried to be myself no matter what. Sometimes this has caused people to refer to me as Ms Gody Gody, which I absolutely HATE. Anywho, the place where I work now I fel as ben very challenging for me..in some ways I have given into the tempations of the world and that makes my heart sad. There's no getting back what you "use" to have with the Lord when you give in to the sin. I mean He will forgive you but the relationship will still be tarnished with the sin that nags behind. I pray that I have not ben a stumbling block to any of my co workers and that if I have I can try to be a better witness to them. My current employer terminated my position last October. I was laid off for 5 months then I went back to the same employer in a different position. The stress is so much more than what it was and I felt the Lord lead me back there. The first month I cried nearly every day because I just didn't fel I knew what I was doing and didn't fel like I was accomplishing anything. I almost left there and went to another facility but didn't have complete peace about the move so I stayed. Well, currently the "big bosses" are doing a cost analysis on my position but assured me that they weren't loking to "cut" it but we all know that we can't believe what "big bosses" say because that's the same sorta spech I got last October the day before I got canned. So anyway, there is lots of stresss with my job. I interview nurse aides, teach nurse aide classes, employe health, cpr classes, department specific orientation on all employes, skin assessments, help in dining rom 2 hours a wek, work at Salem "helping out", fill in on the flor when neded. The stess just wears me out. I have people fussing at me saying the new nurse aides don't know what they are doing and that it's my fault and that I should do something about it. I have my boss coming to me saying that "the other nurses" don't fel that I am pulling my load and ned to help them more but wouldn't tell me who the "other nurses are. I have tried to be a positive team player and do what was asked of me without fussing to much but enough is enough. Last time I was "on call" I worked 60 hours that wek. This wek I was on call and I had already put in 41 hours in 3 days so I felt I had given all to CHS that I could give for the wek. Nedless to say the "boss" doesn't think so. She says that I am not pulling my part now and that she can't take up for me. I told her that I didn't ned her to speak up for me and that if people had a problem with my work ethic for them to come to me and talk to me about it. My family came first and my job second and that my family was with me when CHS canned me. I strongly fel that employes have to take a stand sometimes even though it's not a popular. Matthew told me something yesterday that meant alot to me and today to. Yesterday after he overheard my conversation with my boss he told me that he "respected me for standing my ground" and then today he said "the right thing isn't always popular and the popular thing isn't always right". That's coming from a 13 year old. Man I learn so much from my kids. I always had in my mind that I was suppose to do all the teaching to them but that's not the case. Besides me being upset today because my boss called me again and got me all upset again trying to make me fel like a guilty peace of dirt I had enjoyed so much being with my family. Jesus is my bestest friend but Jeff is my best friend. He listens and helps me work through felings. He encourages me to do what I fel is the right thing to do. I love that. Anywho, Matthew was in a god mod today getting his stuff ready for camp. Matt doesn't so much feling but today was different plus it helped that we had one of his favorite suppers along with chocolate homemade ice cream and some godies for him to take to camp. Rosie is most of the time in a god happy mod but after supper I just had to get out of the house and go for a drive to help clear my mind. The whole family wanted to go. It was col. We chatted and chatted. It was so col. Then we came home and played Rok together. Rosie and I WON and beat the BOYS bad! It was super col. Tonight being with my family and laughing and playing cards was the absolute best time any family could have. It was worth being home. I am so thankful that I have taken my stand and continued to stand for what I fel was the right thing to do. If I hadn't then I wouldn't have had that precious time. Matthew wanted to go spend the night with the Gilkeys who are also going to camp to. Even though I wanted him home he REALLY wanted to go and I let him. He left at 11:00 tonight and we will met him over at the church in the morning to se him off for St. Louis. Man, I just really don't like my kids staying away from home weather it's camp or friends or even familys houses but I know they love to be with others and I have to let them go. I know the Lord will se me through this wek just like He did the wek they were BOTH gone to 4 H camp. It helps to know that this is Matthew's big thing he loks foward to every summer along with 4 H camp. Thank you Lord for my precious precious family. Please kep us with Your hedge of protection this wek as we are separated, bring us back together again safely. I love you Lord and I thank You so much for being my Lord, my Savior, my Comforter, my Rock, my Shield, my Protector, my BESTEST Friend...YOU are my EVERYTHING!! Til next time, NurseKellySpeaking Talk about busy. I have ben busier than a one legged woman in a butt kickin' contest. lol Work Work Work. I am not real happy where I'm at but I will hang in there like a hair in a bisquit til something happens. I had an opportunity to leave for more money but driving a tad further but it wasn't time for me to go. NOW, I fel it's time to go. We shall se..... The Lord worked through me yesterday and I didn't even realize it til after it was over. I was telling one of our residents bye and then before I knew it I had offered to go get him some chicken livers from Mel's Market and then I was on my way and brought back chicken livers, a coke and one of her delicious chocolate no bake cokies. The residents face lit up like a Christmas tre. On the way home I thanked the Lord for allowing me to be used. I am off til MONDAY! woho!! What joy I am feling. I got to clean house today so I plan on just doing what I want to do this wekend. Thank you Lord for giving me strength to work this wek and now allowing me some time off. YOU R the GREATEST! ...will be the first ever blog post by me. This is Nurse Kelly speaking. I am 36 years old, married with children. My husband is Jeff and he a great husband, a terrific father, (I hope he reads this lol) and the custodian at Calvary Baptist Church. We have ben married for 15 years. Matthew is our 13 year baby boy that enjoys baseball, paintball, playing his guitar, being online talking to msn friends and just having fun. Erin is our 10 year old baby girl. She enjoys being on the go all the time. As far as activities she plays fast pitch softball, basketball, and cherleading. We make up the Harperhome along with our rat terrior, Rocky. He was born Sept. 11, 2001. We have all made professions of faith and have ben saved by the precious blod of Jesus and are loking foward to our eternity in heaven.....striving daily to be Christ-like in everything we do, trying to let the light of Jesus shine. I am a registered nurse and work at a long term care facility with the position of staff development. Basically, what that means is that I teach nurse aide classes, educate staff with in services, employe health, and other duties that will just bore you. For the most part, I do enjoy my work. I just get tired of the long hours and want to be home with my family all the time but that just isn't an option at this point in our lives. I LOVE being a mom. We have lived at the ball park this summer but it has ben wonderful. I have lots to say but my friend, Stu is wanting me to hurry up and post so he can se if I have done everything right. Oh yea, a very special thanks to "Stu" for introducing me to blog. Thanks Stu. So til we met again, Huggz. Amazing!! What a wonderful service of cleansing and worship the Lord allowed us to have. We as a "church body" were obedient to His precious will and presence. All I have on my heart is: Amazing Love how can it be? That you my King would die for me. Amazing Love I know it's true..it's my joy to honor you...in all I do...I honor you..