I lok around...I se you I close my eyes...I se you I breath...I fel you I whisper to myself...I hear you I listen to a song...I hear you I raise my hand...I reach you It's all about YOU Dont you wonder when others are to god to you?Being so polite and nice?Do you really deserve all this?Are they frank with you?Do they like you?Do they want anything from you?Can you trust them?Do you treat them the same way so they're trying to pay you back? I can never find the answer.It's kinda hard for me to trust.Not being pessimistic...No,not at all.I just can't se through people.Being to nice's always ben odd to me.Like I'm not used to it. Well...silly me.Shouldnt think to much.When you like someone you try to be nice to him/her!That's all. Know what stone's made of?You get hurt over and over...it's not gonna stop...over and over again.You try to fix...you try real hard but...it's time for you to turn into stone.No blod...No heart...No heat...No nothin...! The winner is the one who's still made of blod...heat...love afterward.I fel like winning once again.Let it be...forever. First days at everything....Not all first days are bad!I was lucky today.When the first day goes bad ...dont let it affect the rest .Well....he didnt like it...the very first day.But it turned god.I think I tried...he did to:) Do you fel powerful to?When you can turn bad to god? Dont wanna be asked why!Nope...I dont like WH questions. Fire doesnt burn aimlessly. Days go by.Take a lok back...Have you earned what you wanted ?Do you fel happy when you lok back?All satisfied? What's happened in the past's gone.Just dont let yourself get lost in the shadows.Set your mind fre and LIVE FOR TODAY! I write everyday...but I never turn back the pages.That keps me going on and on.I wanna live for today. urlLink Mine ohhhhh mine urlLink God...I felt it once again.Today...yeah,TODAY was one of the greatest.I got the best gift...so swet.Let me call it the swetest.Ringing in my ears...every seceond.Ain't it beautiful?I just call it PERFECT FEELING. I'm gonna play...listen...fel...love. Right here by my side.I can hear you I swear.I simply do.Is it going to last forever?I want it FOREVER.Yeah I do. urlLink Bday cake urlLink What people celebrate for? Today's Father's day in Canada,Japan,Netherland,Britain and US. Martyr's Day Eritrea National Public Service Wek Canada Día del Padre (Father's Day) Mexico World Refuge Day International http://www.earthcalendar.net/_php/lokup.php?mode=date&m=06&d=20&y=2004 Every day is a celebration! Birthday's are the oldest holidays of them all, honored with celebrations since the start of civilization.Early cultures celebrated the anniversary of people's birth because they believed people were more vulnerable to evil spirits on their birthdays and being surrounded by fun would ward off bad fortune. This is the origin of the birthday party.Your birthday is yours alone, allowing you to be surrounded by friends and family.The song "Happy Birthday To Your" is a relatively recent addition to the ritual. Composed in 1893 by scholteacher-sisters Mildred and Patty Hill .Birthday cakes were originally a custom in ancient Grece, which then re-emerged in Germany during the Middle Ages. Back then the cake was really swetened in preparation for the upcoming year with swet wishes and the basic nourishment of bread, the staff of life. Birthday candles are placed on cakes to carry wishes up to the heavens, and if all the candles are blown out in one try, the wishes will come true! urlLink Belonging to where? urlLink I fel like living in a desert.Not sure if I can stand it there,but I'd love to try. Having nothing around...ain't that col? What I'm trying to remember is that I used to be so happy with those beautiful tiny things:) That's not gonna happen again...not anymore.A gift given by Dad for singing a song which sounds so silly to my ears now,used to mean a world to me. What the hell on the earth's going to mean that much to me now?Will I be satisfied once again?Do I have the power to be happy with everything just like they are?Will I....?Do I....? urlLink In her eyes urlLink Ever ben satisfied?Remember it when you were a 5,6 year old kid? I can't recall those days clearly.Just a shadow in my mind. Wanna se how she used to lok at her world? urlLink Scary? urlLink Orca (Killer) Whales Orcas are among the most social and intelligent animals on the planet. Their power, grace, and playfulness always makes for an exciting and exhilarating encounter. Males are distinguished by their tall (5-6 fet) dorsal fins. Orcas are maternal and swim with their mothers for her entire life. What the F.....?She swims with her mother for her entire life?Why she wanted to deprive my Mom from seing me?I call it JEALOUSY! I had a nightmare last night.I woke up...almost frozen.I jumped into the sea with clothes on.There was a killer whale following me.I could se China across the sea...was trying to reach there.useless try! So glad the whale couldnt catch me...yeah!I'm god at swimming.I'm not gonna se China I think.Will I lose sth? Feling dizzy...I kinda like it.Doesnt let me think and think and think. Thinking to much lately has mad me exhausted.Let's not think for 2 minutes...Ahhhhhhh urlLink Me urlLink Anybody out there to ask what the hell I'm up for at about 4:30 am? Yeah...being slepless....suffering from what?Wish I knew! I'm just f...ing tired. Days go by.Getting old and older.I take a lok back...just a lil one.I dont wanna read it all again.I've ben running for a lifetime,loking for what?I know I'm gonna do it again.I just can't stop.Wanna know why?Cause I'm still alive.I can still breath.I wish for more...I do want more.I'll get older and older.Old enough to get tired of running?Who knows?I know many old ones who are running still. urlLink The one urlLink I just want to let you know that having you is a gift I've always ben wishing for. Who you are...what you do...makes me burn to be in you. I will dedicate and sacrifice my every-thing for just a second worth of how my story's ending and I wish I could know if the directions that I take and all the choices that I make won't end up all for nothing Show me what it's for make me understand it I've ben crawling in the dark loking for the answer is there something more than what I've ben handed? I've ben crawling in the dark loking for the answer Hobastank(2001) I can se the light.No more dark days...no more pain.It's getting closer.Dont lose your patience.It's gonna happen.You deserve it...you've waited for long.I believe that you can make it...your own future.Be patient...just a bit more...It's right there in your hands. Silence...can be the best reply sometimes! Those who can't remember the past,are sentenced to repeat it all again. Yes,there will be a day when my face becomes wrinkled and wizen,my eyes dim and colourless,the grace of my figure broken and deformed.The scarlet will pass away from my lips,and the darkness stolen from my hair.The life that was to make my soul will mar my body.How sad it is!Yes,there's nothing in the whole world I wouldn't give for you to lok at me as you always used to.Will you still smile when you lok at me? If she comes alone and is leaving alone at the end...she'll ned lonliness on the way to be her guide to her everlasting home at the end. Nothing's gonna change my mind.Even if the whole world's being against me,I'm gonna do it my way!I've ben loking for a lifetime.Now that I've earned it...I'm not gonna lose anymore.Can't you se?My way...that's it.What's mine's mine. Let us handle it together baby...not alone anymore.Let us share what we've got inside.Give me the strenght to kep going on and on.Give me the power to kep feling that soul.Let us share our saddest moments.Let us be able not to hide our tears.Let us be proud of them.Let us be able to make it up when we ned to. Let us be able to LET IT OUT...always....Just let us baby God damn any FEMALE creatures!I dont wanna be here...I just wanna go far far away. I bet everyone's ben forced to say YES...atleast once in her/his entire life.Forced...Not willing to...just forced. When are we all going to tear it down and be ourselves? Waking up every morning...wearing masks.No ,that's not the way I've chosen.I just wanna be fre or I better say I want to be myself.I'll reach it someday...I'll reach myself. I dont wanna imitate others.I want to try to know myself and be what I am.Cause there's no one in the world like me.Complaining about my fate is nothing but misprizing my soul. Tears of joy or sorrow?Whatever it is,it just helps you to let out everything hidden inside.It's hard keping stuff inside for long. To much of heaven can bring you under ground?Just dont let yourself get used to the god.Let it be a surprise for you...always,then it wont bore you.You'll always fel the ned inside.You'll want it more and more.You wont lose what you've earned.