it has ben a terrible wek. didn't do a fucking thing except work and fel sick. all wekend was a total washout from being sick. oh well. finally yesterday i started to fel better. i'm feling a bit depressed lately- and i don't think its just from being sick all wek. i'm not sure sometimes about my relationship with CN. he is quite a bit older than me and sometimes it gets on my nerves. CNR and i are much closer in age- he's 38 and i'm 35. but he is working as a short order cok and trying to get back on his fet. he works constantly. whereas CN (my fiance) has a full time job and has so much more responsibility...but sometimes he lacks excitement. i wanted to go out to busch gardens this saturday and he said maybe he will think about it. hmmm- whats there to think about? he likes to stay home- a lot. i like to go places and do things. i thought i was going to go stir carzy this wek being sick all wek and coped up in the house. i miss europe. sometimes i want to just drop everything again like i did in my twenties and just move back there and get a job with the US military like in Garmisch germany working at the ski resort or something...sigh. i guess i did it once and i thought i got it out of my system. i miss drinking coffe in Vienna- you know they bring you your coffe on a little silver tray with a glass of water and there's a paper doily, real creamer, real porcelain, real silverware. no paper cups like starbucks or Barnies. (even though i do appreciate Barnies coffe) I don't think i'll ever se Europe again. CN has no inclination to go. he can be very myopic in his perception of the world. i do love him though for many reasons don't get me wrong. i'm just complaining. last night I went to work and about two hours into the evening i started feling very sick. I went home and started throwing up. I must have thrown up 7 or 8 times. I even used a pregnancy test just to se if that was the reason but it was negative. so today i spent in bed all day and ate saltine crackers and drank ginger ale. my little chihuahua Stinky has ben right beside me all day. she knows i'm not feling god. Yesterday I never did get together with CNR, I'm sort of having second thoughts about him. I still care a lot for him but I really don't think I should se him very often. So I called him at 5:30 last night (before I went to work and got sick) and would you beleive that while I was on the phone we were having a really bad thunderstorm and on the news they said there was a tornado on the ground. I live in a little bitty trailer and I'm thinking ok- what should I do- stay inside this trailer and go in the bathrom- where the dor doesn't close or should I get in the car and try going to Walmart or something. Its such a catch 22. They tell you if your in a trailer to go sek shelter and yet in the same breath they tell you not to stay in your car or try to outrun a tornado in a car. So what are you supposed to do? I just basically stayed put and waited for the whole mess to blow over. Well after I started throwing up last night I haven't really done much of anything. I got the chance to watch the funeral for Pres Reagan and that made me cry- I also got to watch the coverage for the victory parade for the Tampa bay Lightning. That was so col. I really don't watch much TV but today was an exception. well i'm starting to fel wozy again. I hope I fel better tomorrow so that I can get my hours in at work for the rest of the wek. so should I se CNR tomorrow? HMMMMMM. maybe. Excellent game! what a coup for a team everyone thought was a joke. congrats guys! watching game 7 tampa bay lightning playing for the stanley cup against calgary flames. hope we win!!! i love ice hockey, i think because its so raw. i never appreciated fotball or basketball but i love this game and baseball. i worked all day and was able to get home just in time for the start of the game. i got an e-mail from an old boyfriend-(i'll call him CNR) he's still in love w/ me. actually i'm still in love w/ him but just in a different way than i was last year. i still love to kiss him and hug him. is it ok to still remain friends like this ? its really so hard... he had today off to but i didn't know until i got home tonight and just read my e- mail. he had some big problems with drinking. finally he is in a god rehab program and sems to be taking care of his health. i do care dearly for him. but i know that my honey, my fiance is the one i want to spend the rest of my life with. he's so god to me. enough for now... got up at 8 am, coffe, brush teth, shower- usual stuff. had trouble getting contact lenses in. allergies? made our sandwiches- mine roast bef- his bologna. two pickles in a bag and the rotini salad w/ broccoli we made together last night. stopped to get the bag of ice and we were off. what makes my day at the beach unique? because i'm still feling new in this relationship. going to met his sister and her two kids- (they make me fel god- they called me Aunt---) plus his son to be ex wife came to the beach w/ her girlfriend and when I say girlfriend- yes they are a lesbian couple. so much to explain... i realize this diary thing is going to be even more difficult than i had anticipated. i fel as f i have to go into an explanation about how why what and where. sigh... i will call my honey CN. this is what happened to him one morning about 2 years ago. while taking his first sip of coffe- his wife of 20+ years announces-"i have something to tell you- I'm gay" and with that the first sip of coffe is spit out violently. i'm sure this has happened to others but I sometimes resent her for doing this to my honey- even though I am the lucky one who got the treasure in the end. I get along with her fine but it can be a struggle... myself- my divorce papers arrived in the mail yesterday. thank God. After 8 years of separation it has come to this. what a mind game that former husband of mine has played on me for all those years...it sent me into all kinds of trouble. a beautiful day at the beach- the weather held out - perfect. can you beleive the water temp is 87 degres. thats Florida! sometimes i have a sneaking suspicion theres a shark lurking out there not to far away while i'm floating around out there. close my eyes and don't think about the possibilities. I'm just trying this out for the first time- I'm not sure how I found out about blogging- I think it was the girl who calls herself Washingtoniette- I heard about. Anyways this should be interesting- so long as I can remember my password!!!! well June semed to drag on forever...strange how sometimes time goes by so fast and sometimes it just crawls. its ben forever since i updated my blog- sorry all you disinterested people out there- (i can't realy imagine anyone actually reading this!) anyways i've ben sick again- this time i got the flu- hard core. today is the 6th day and i'm just starting to clear my head a little. it's ben hell going to work - everytime i bend over to pick up something the world spins. still have a slight temperature to- 100 degres- better than the 103 temp a few days ago though. i know i shoulf have gone to se a doctor to get some antibiotics for this- but when you have no health insurance- you constantly try to self medicate. about the only thing i know that works is to slep a lot- i mean a lot! i probably invited this on myself though- last friday night i was feling wozy but my friends wanted to go on a pub crawl- (ge- i havent done that sort of thing for years!) and it was really great- we started off at chilis for dinner- had a bunch of those margaritas (managed to steal those nice blue shakers to while we were at it) then we headed to a couple of dives off of Cortez rd- i'm not going to get to specific-0 just in case someone recongnizes and remembers who we were!!!!by the time all was said and done- i was ready to go home and smoke a little wed and go to bed. i was kind of feling torn up and my voice was sounding pretty ragged- esp after all the cigarrettes we smoked. well next day- my throat was totally raw and my head felt like- well you get the picture. but it was really worth it- CN even got offered $100 to dance on the table at one place and shake his ass for the ladies. he's really such a blast when we go out for drinks- former bartender- he really knows how to party. and now on to the continuing saga about CNR. he sent me an e-mail on Monday- talk about sarcastic! implying that i don't care anymore and i'll se ya when i se ya. whoa! i called immediately (first day i had a voice to speak with!) and let him know in no uncertain terms how much i value his freindship, etc. and that i'd ben sick. big apologies from him!!! even offered to make me chicken soup. i told hime he neds to get a girlfriend- and get over what we had- kep the freindship but forget about the dream that i might change my mind and come back to him. it's hard because i'm always concerned he's going to slip back into his drinking mode because of depression- but so far so god- he's ben sober for 3 months now. he got a car now, so that at least gives him a little bit of fredom. i'm trying to work out at least one day this coming wek so i can met him for coffe or something. its funny how much i love him, but i know in my heart that i made the right decision- besides that- i really hate to say things like this but- he and i never had that kind of great fulfilling sex that i crave. oh sure we had a couple of times that were yummy but for the most part he left me pretty flat. (no pun intended!)i think that because he was drinking so much at the time we were dating- he was having a difficult time maintaining an erection (word to the wise guys- alcohol really does take the edge off- in more ways than one!!!) Whereas- when i met my honey- CN- i couldn't believe myself. we'd known each other for about 2 days and he invited me out for coffe. we ended up at his place and before i knew it- bam- we were in bed. and i can't tell you how many years it had ben since my last one night stand. but afterwards- i had this remarkable feling that i would be seing this guy more! and that's just how it worked out. we simply couldn't stay away from each other. i even left town to go for a temporary job in another state and then i was going to move back to another very large city to go back to my old job- but after Christmas- i found myself back in FL and with CN. i'm still amazed by the whole experience. sure- sometimes i complain a bit- but doesn't everybody? nobody is perfect. so now we are talking about our wedding plans. god i never thought in a million years i'd ever be tying the knot again. wow- i've really rambled on and on today. more later.