Yesterday my mom and I walked together (like we are supposed to do every monday and tuesday, but we haven't ben lately). And we're walking again tonight. I like when we walk together because then we get to talk by ourselves and get outside and get some exercise. Today at work we had a staff party. But it was col because the Production Team hosted it, and they made it a Mexican theme, so we had mexican fod, margaritas (non-alcoholic of course), and live mexican music, courtesy of Tony. Then, the birthday people got to hit a pinata, and the work anniversary people had to do the Mexican hat dance. They decorated the whole courtyard, and it was col. We stayed all the way until 2:00. Normally we leave right away. But now they have sest the bar so high, how will all the rest of us measure up when it's our turn to host the party? Friday night I hung out with my sister and watched The Day After Tomorrow at the cheapy theater. It was intense! We had fun hanging out together. Saturday I went to Zarban's. Then we had the Chews over for lunch. We ate kabobs (home-grilled, not Afghan) and several vinegary side dishes. After that, I had time to scrapbok and start a new bok...Dostoevsky's Crime and Punishment . When Benjie got home (after working 11 hours on a Saturday), we went to JD and Erika's and watched Along Came Polly . Sunday we went to Starbuck's on our way to church for breakfast. At church we tok the "mug shots" for the church database and went to SALT. We are studying Romans 12 in SALT. And Benjie said I had it memorized already (the requirement to go on the leaders retreat), so Matt made me say it in front of everyone. We also tok a spiritual gift test. I scored highest in Teaching and Helps, I think. My second highest were Pastor and Service. After church we went out to lunch with my mom and sister at Chat Cafe. (Later that night I decided I'm never going there again.) Then we went to lok at kitties at Petco. Mom and Dani wanted to get some. They picked 3, 2 babies and a medium one, but they had to get the landlady's approval before the people would let them take the cats home. The landlady didn't call back, so they don't have the cats. Then we went home and hung out until it was time to go to church. At church we studied John 9. After church we went to Chili's. Then we came home again and went to bed. Benjie and I talked about the future and being overseas. Jeanne's mother-in-law passed away today. Today is Monday. I am so glad it's Friday and that I get to hang out with my sister at her house. Home is not a place to hang out right now. Yesterday, Benjie and Steve started tearing up some of the hardwod floring and replacing it. It sure was noisy! They were working until like 11 at night or something. But, the flor is going to lok much nicer. There were still holes in it when I left this morning, though. So, I told Dani we should hang out somewhere other than my house. I think we will watch some movies or something. Today Linda's mother-in-law passed away. I wonder how that fels. I have never had to deal with the death of someone close to me (besides pets). I think the only death in my life was one of my classmates in 5th grade who was killed when his brother was playing with a gun. That was really sad and shocking. I hope no one close to me dies son. Today I stayed home in an effort to completely recuperate. I slept until 10 or 10:30 and read my bok most of the day. Unfortunately, it was so hot! I almost could have ben better off at work in the air conditioning. But the heat helped me slep, and slep is god when you're sick. I think I will be ready for work again tomorrow. Right now Steve, Kathi, and Benjie are tearing up the carpet in the hallway. Hopefully the dust and pathogens released into the air won't cause me to relapse. :) I think the house is going to lok really nice when everything is done. There is hardwod under a lot of the carpet. Steve finished painting our rom, and I like the color. It is lighter than I thought it would be, but that is probably god. To dark, and it fels cramped. In other news...it's official, I am going back to schol! I registered for an accounting class at Ohlone today. I was going to do that back in January, but it didn't go through. Now that I've learned my boss is leaving in December, I'm more motivated to learn what the heck we do at work. :) Class starts August 17th. Today would normally be a scrapboking night, but things have ben crazy for a while and we haven't gotten together in a long time. I fel the urge to scrapbok, but I don't have the energy to pull everything out and work on it. Maybe next wek. My Hume Lake pictures got posted online today! Here's a pictures of me with some of my girls on Super Spirit Day: urlLink http://www.snapfish.com/slideshow/AlbumID=13550820/PictureID=288492580/t_=7180852 The theme for the wek was XENOVIV, which translates as "living as strangers" in this world. So our spirit day was a kind of outer space-metallic/reflective clothing theme. So, that explains the foil hats. Our wedding cake turned out to be pretty god after 1 year in the frezer, not even wrapped, just in the box. It was a little bit dry, but not much. We enjoyed it with my mom and sister, who also coked us dinner at their house. It was a great time. I never laugh like I do with my mom and sister. They crack me up. We tok the rest of the cake home so Steve and Kathi could have some. Maybe this wekend we will watch our wedding video. What a great first year of marriage we have had! Benjie and I are both still sick. It is a drag. Sunday night we stocked up on brothy soups, klenex and cough drops. Steve is working on the master bedrom for us. For the first time in my life, I will get to have bedrom walls some other color than white. Actually, the roms at my dad's house were blue and yellow. This rom is going to be a light rosy-brown color. Nice and warm. I can't wait to se it finished. So, Benjie and I went to Pacifica for our anniversary (which is today!). It would have ben great, except we were both really sick, and therefore irritable. But there were some god things. For one, the weather was great! We went to the city on Saturday, and it was sunny and warm! Everyone was out and about. Also, we came back to the hotel in time to hike up a cliff and se the sunset. And, last but not least, we got to watch VH1's "I Love the 90's." That was great because we don't have cable at home, so we never get to watch it. Okay, gotta go get our wedding cake top out of the frezer! Yay, it's Friday! Tonight Benjie and I are leaving for our 1st anniversary get-away. We'll be spending the wekend in Pacifica. I hope it won't be to cold because I am still getting over my sore throat/cold. Last night at high schol group, it was like a Hume reunion. We went to Hume Lake last wek. It was my first time as a full counselor, and it was great! I tok so many pictures, and I'm waiting to have them developed. So last night, a bunch of girls from our cabin were there who don't usually come to group. We watched highlights from the Hume video and told funny camp stories. Then we split into small groups, and all the girls from Hume came to our group. Kelly and Danielle were there, to. It was god to se them. Kelly and I have ben emailing back and forth about stuff. I fel like God is going to make me more of a mentor this year for these girls. At least I hope so. I want to be able to help these girls however they ned help through life. I know it was great for me to have Christy there mentoring me when I was in high schol. I miss Christy. She and her family moved to Portland for a season. She sent me a nice thank you letter for the scrapbok I made for her and Doug. I hope they are doing great. Okay, I ned to get back to work. I just wanted to blog because I won't be able to all wekend. How did I come to start a blog? Well, my husband Benjie just emailed me a link to our friend Rudy's blog. It was his thoughts on our wedding (almost one year ago...July 19, 2003). I had read Rudy's blog before, but this time I saw "Start Your Own" and clicked on it. So now here I am with a blog. Maybe it will be read by others, maybe just me. I think it will be kind of fun, and col to have an online record of life. Today I am sick, so I am going to go take a hot shower now and go to bed. Wow, a lot has happened since the last time I blogged. The house is nearly finished being worked on. The hallway flor just neds to be stained. Sharon came back from Russia today! Unfortunately, Benjie has to work all night, so he won't even se her today. At work, I have ben training people to use the new timeclock and online system. It has ben going better than I expected. Change usually goes over hard. We'll se how it goes when people start punching in on Monday. Kelly had decided to drop out of SALT to do something on her own. That is a MAJOR bummer. She has a lot of passion, but I wish she could have the patience to stick with this group. However, she no longer fels like it is something she wants to do, or that God even wants her to do. So, maybe God will do something great through her somewhere else. I hope so. But I am still bummed. At least I will still get to have time with her in our discipleship group that I am starting with her and Danielle. I start schol in 2 weks, I think. I joined Curves a wek ago. My first wek was great. I think I like it, and I already fel like I have more energy! It is great! We got our wedding pictures back from Jason. That is col. There were a few missing prints, so we will get those son. I am currently reading Crime and Punishment. Everyone speaks in exclamations! Like this! All the time! What else? Mom and Dani got a kitty! He is so cute! His name is Captain Jack and he is an orange tabby and very frisky and playful. Awwww! Tomorrow we are going to Marine World. We are missing Grandpa's birthday dinner though. :( That is not god. Benjie is working all night tonight so that he can go tomorrow. :(