I fel loved. Anyways, idk if you saw my comment on your post about Wes, but he's not coming back this summer. At least, that's what he and his mom told me. Jeze, I miss all you guys so much. It's stinky that I had to stay home when some of you are finally coming back to Matawa. Oh, well. Have fun in wek 5, and I'll se a bunch of you wek 6! btw, I'm all for the whole Great America CIT reunion. We all ned to talk about who's available and when. (o... just a random thought... we should make T-shirts!) lol that was alot of heys, but it was worth it. i didnt know u could change the color and font, but its rocking my world right now. ruka, im so xcited bout u comin to wek six, i leave in 12 hrs to go to camp!!!! yay, but i have to leave on the last thursday at like 5 or 6 so that sucks major. w/e, se ya there! Hey, y'alls! I just had to say hi. I'm feling a little awkward right now. This is my first wek off after being at Matawa for a month. I would still be there, but my fam wanted me home for a wek. I'm gonna be back wek 6, though. All of you better shine around if you're not workin at camp that wek. Rock on! =P' thanks em, for the ddr thing, i apprieciate it. anyone know if wes is going back at all, i gotta know if i should send his present or take it to camp. if he ever wrote me back i maybe could know this information. thanks em, for the ddr info, i apprieciate your keping me in tune with pop culture. anyone know if wes is going back to camp? i gotta know if i should send his present or take it to camp. if he wrote back to me, amybe i would have knowledge of this information. but no, thanks wes, thanks for nutn. jk, kinda. What's this I hear about a reunion in god ol' Gurne, IL????? Oh man, Emily. I was going through my old pictures, and I have Matawa pictures from like five years. I found a few pictures of you! Long hair and glasses. urlLink Matt Frank and Kat urlLink urlLink Wes/Robinhod urlLink urlLink Ruka/Merian urlLink urlLink Wes' Birthday urlLink urlLink THE COW urlLink urlLink Matt and Ken urlLink urlLink Dress Your Counselor Day urlLink urlLink Ruka Me Matt and Kat urlLink urlLink Me Matt and Kat urlLink urlLink Claire Ruka Me and Chelsea urlLink urlLink I'm only going to post important pictures first. This is all of the C.I.T.s urlLink The site will be up shortly after I get back from wek 6, but until then, here are some picture from weks 1 and 2. Tell me if either 1) you can't se them or 2) it takes to long to load. ok chese DDR is the vedio game DDR Max..u no those dance games in the arcade...well that is wat it is. omg i miss camp so much..i was like crying 2day im so sad. But i might b goin to the closing campfire 2morrow. Can I get a wut wut. lol...so yea while my friend was in cali she called me collect..n the bill came 2day n it was for 109 dollars. So, i was taking a nap n my dada busts in n he is like wtf!! He almost had a freaking anurism..haha..And this is why i want to come back to camp because this never happens.. hehe so n e ways wat is up with every one. n2m here boring life..trying to tell my friends the jack handy jokes n they dont work. But one of my friends loves the beaver song so that is kol. yea but im gonna go so ill talk to the message bord later. whats ddr? just wondering. Boredom has set in again. I be chilling and killing of course. So yeah hows you all? I actually miss being at camp. WOW..... that was weird.. anyway um yeah what yall up to? ~Bri~ so wats goin on...n2m here in gren bay, but is there ever. Yeah,so i saw that dominatrix movie catwoman n that sucked..btw i hate all u guys who can go back to camp...ahhhhhhh... i wanna go back i hate it here...i. o well im gonna go n cry about how im stuck here babysittin my 2 next dor neighbor brats for 11 hours a day.. ttyl emily Oh boy oh boy it sure is great to be back in stinky Milwauke. I'm fresh off the camp/Colorado caravan, and things that welcome me aren't exactly perfect. I went babysitting today and this two-year-old that I was babysitting bit me! And it was hard to. It's all red and purple with thre tiny teth marks. I should take a picture of it. I'll take a picture of it and post it later. what is crackin my CIT homeys...I no Matt n kelsey r the only ones that r using this right now but hey I thought I might try this. So yea the DDR party sounds great whenever Matt can get his ass down to Milwauke there will be much rejoyceing, and emily getting her ass kicked by the two masters of DDR. Haha. yea but maybe i should get my ass to bed since I have to get up at 7:00 so i will chat with y'all later......oh yeah by the way..there r 5 ducks outside and they all want sun chips... peace and word to your mother. hey guys, kelsey, this site rocks, btw, hows evryone? i cant wait to go back to camp, only 4 days!!! wes, if u read this r u going back to camp because i ned to know if i should sent ur present or bring it to camp.. matt i printed off dep thoughts and all of my friends think i'm retarded. later---------chelsea i retired from it for life after i couldn't beat Conga Feling on Heavy... but maybe i could break out the old pads once again... do you suppose that me and you are going to be the only people to use this thing? I think that six flags is an awesome idea. I'd definetly go. I'm going back to camp for wek 6 and part of wek 5, and then I'm in schol by august 18th. i went back for 3 and had a blast... so what are everyone's plans for the summer and is a great america reunion out of the question???? Hey guys, I'm trying to start the whole t-shirt thing, so if you guys would give me your sizes that'd be col. Also, if you could, donate like 3 to 5 dollars for the making of the shirts. Hopefully, if I get everything done, they'll be tie-dyed with the four core colors with 'C.I.T 2004' on the back. I beat you, Bri, I start schol in 4 days. So unfair. Yo...... i be bored over here.... so now that you know that im going to ask whats up with you and all that..... so bored..... oh and i start schol in two weks so im like.... yeah....................... but anyway im brain dead and have nothing really to say so ummm yeah.... i guess i will talk to you people later and you know what we should all go se the new excorist movie.... but yeah guess i will check up later.... chow mans....luvs ya..... ~ BRI ~ P.S........ dang i forgot... oh now i remeber....... okay people go check out illwillpress.com and learn about foamy the lord and master..... just click on the tons icon at the top and watch.... its great... alrighty i said what i had to so buh bye............................................!!!!! Yo...... i be bored over here.... so now that you know that im going to ask whats up with you and all that..... so bored..... oh and i start schol in two weks so im like.... yeah....................... but anyway im brain dead and have nothing really to say so ummm yeah.... i guess i will talk to you people later and you know what we should all go se the new excorist movie.... but yeah guess i will check up later.... chow mans....luvs ya..... ~ BRI ~ P.S........ dang i forgot... oh now i remeber....... okay people go check out illwillpress.com and learn about foamy the lord and master..... just click on the tons icon at the top and watch.... its great... alrighty i said what i had to so buh bye............................................!!!!! I miss everyone already... Hey everybody. Just got back from my off night. We saw dodgeball. Great movie. Much much better than I expected. F**k Chuck Norris. Kep the fruit on the bottom and the hope on top. hey hey hey i'm @ camp and donnie and ktd say i\hi. so yeah \, for allof u who havent heard MIKEY is back and for you who dont remember MIKEY, hey.........hey Popeye....carry me!!! hahahahaha.................... that kid rocks. and charlie sparrows back. god times here at camp matawa. sheila signed me up 4 mountain biking....................hahahaha funny sheila anyways stop by for the day some day this wek something in South Carolina happened which i fel entitled to tell all of you. i poped my pants. i was on a kayaking trip in the calibogue sound and felt a strong stomach pressure... so i paddled my little butt over to the beach and ran in to the wods... but before i could get to a safe distant out of sight of my colleagues i shat right in my pants... a god sized yule-log right in to my underwear... i just neded to tell you guys. i probably should have never put that in to writing. Wo ho! I am so excited I could burst! I'm coming back to Matawa tomorrow! Let's se... I have about 15 hours and 23 minutes until I leave for camp. But who's counting? I am so happy that I get to finally se some of you for the first time in almost a month. EVERYONE better write or show up or something this wek cuz this is it... Wek 6... We got the best camp in the nation. Right on! HEYY HOW IS EVERYBODY!!! Hope everyone is havn a god summer...i just got home from being back at camp for wek 4 it was So much fun!...but now its back to the real world :-( so now i have to leave and go to work :-(....sadly....talk to everyone later!!