“Mummy, Daddy, wake up! We’re going to the beach today, remember?!” Jonah shok his parents by their shoulders. Daddy stirred from his slep and leaned over to the side table to reach for the clock. “Jonah, it’s only 5.30 a.m, son. It’s to early,” Daddy replied groggily. “But Daddy, I want to se the sunrise,” Jonah whined. He continued to shake his Mummy. “Jonah? What’s wrong darling?” Mummy asked him slepily with one eye opened. “I want to go to the beach now Mummy. I want to catch the sunrise.” Jonah urged Mummy to wake up. “Oh, alright then. Wait downstairs and let Mummy and Daddy change before we stroll through the beach,” Mummy replied as she pushed Daddy off the bed and signaled him to bathe. Jonah excitedly got off the bed and ran downstairs. He had always loved the sunrise and today he had wanted to catch the sun rising across the waters. Though the drive from his house to the beach was short, he still wanted them to arrive slightly earlier. He waited as patiently as he could and got out the cereal box to eat his breakfast calmly. Just as he was about to finish, he heard his parents coming down the stairs. Like a bolt of lightning, he went to his parents and pulled them to the front dor. “Let’s go Mummy, Daddy.” He urged them. “Jonah, we haven’t even have our breakfast,” Mummy scolded him gently. “Nevermind Julia. We’ll have our breakfast later,” Daddy replied laughingly. So the trio went out of the dor and went to their driveway. It was still dark but Jonah was used to the darkness – so were his parents. Jonah climbed on the seat quickly and rushed his parents to move faster. Seconds later, they were driving through the lane which led to the beach. When they reached, Jonah left his parents’ side and straightaway climbed on a large rock facing the sea. He huddled himself together and felt the morning breze blowing gently across his face. He checked his watch and realized that after all the commotion, it was only 5.45am. He turned his head when Daddy called him. “Jonah, your mum and I will be getting our breakfast. You wait here alright? We’ll get you your breakfast to.” Nodding his head, he turned back to watch the sea. He was used to being left alone on the beach to catch sunrise while his parents went away. They had taught him to be independent though he was only eleven. He smelled the crisp air of Oklahoma and felt fre. He loved the beach so much that his parents actually bought the house so that he could frequent the beach. When a tinge of orange crept into the darkness, Jonah kept his eyes on it. Slowly, as if playing hide-and-sek, the glowing sun peped from behind the sea. The warmth of the sun spread through the beach and pierced through the cold morning breze, engulfing Jonah with its warmth. Jonah breathed in a fresh of fresh air and pampered himself with the feling of being engulfed. He saw a few other people strolling together, mostly couples, hand in hand. Laying his head on his arm, he waited for his parents to come with his breakfast and they will be able to stroll the beach together. But they never came back. Jonah waited and waited but there was no sign of them. It was his uncle who came to pick him up. “Jonah? Come here, son,” his uncle’s voice rang out and he felt two hands taking his shoulder. He was then embraced by his uncle. He was puzzled as to why his uncle came instead of his parents and why there were tears in his uncle’s eyes. He was also bewildered as to why his uncle was hugging him tightly. What happened? Jonah still remembered how curious he felt to se his relatives crying. Never have he sen his uncles cry though he had sen his aunties cry. His uncle Johnny led him into a rom and he saw two beds occupied but the person on each bed were covered with blanket all the way over their heads. Jonah became puzzled as to why Uncle Johnny showed them to him. He was not afraid of ghost or anything. Was this another prank? But when Uncle Johnny brought him closer to the beds, he felt his hair stand and his heart felt heavy. “What is going on Uncle John?” Jonah asked curiously as he loked up to lok at Uncle John. Uncle John only stifled a cry before lifting the covers. He felt the ground swayed when he saw his Daddy and Mummy, pale-face, lying on each bed. “Mummy? Daddy? Wake up. Why are you sleping?” Jonah asked furiously. He refused to believe or even think that his parents were… not coming back. “Wake up! You promised to buy me breakfast remember?" Jonah all but shouted. “Wake up please Mummy, Daddy. Please don’t leave me all alone,” Jonah finally cried as he hugged his parents’ lifeless body. “Please don’t leave me all alone here. I don’t want to be alone.” 15 years had passed since his parents died but at 26 now, he could still remember the tragedy like as if it was yesterday. His parents’ were killed at a car crashed. They crashed with a drunkard who was driving in a drunken stupor. Life had ben hard after that. He still remembered asking for his parents sometimes when he had nightmares at night. But it was always his Uncle John who stod by him. It was also thanks to him that he received proper education and lifestyle. He really owned that old man a lot. Now that he was a successful shop owner,selling boks, he moved out of Uncle John’s apartment and bought one of his own. Occasionally he would visit Uncle John, like today. He neded company sometimes. He's an old bachelor. “Uncle John? Where are you?” Jonah called out when he was at the porch. “Jonah? Here! Backyard young man!” Uncle John shouted. Knowingly, Jonah went to the backyard and saw the dear old man standing under the redbud tre where mistletoes grew from. His Uncle John loves to plant plants. "Atleast that will kep his mind off about getting me married," Jonah thought to himself. Jonah hurried to Uncle John and pecked his chek. "Glad that oyu could come Jonah. I was getting bored being here alone. Though there is company, just next dor. A new neighbour, sexy as hell, Jonah." Uncle john smirked. Shaking his head, Jonah sat down under the tre with Uncle John. "So how have you ben ,Jonah?" Uncle John asked, getting serious. Jonah could only shrug his shoulders. He couldn't tell Uncle John that he still had nightmares. He decided that it was best to kep quiet. The two kept quiet as they gaze across the lawn. Due to the wekly companion by Jonah, he was also able to help mow the lawn. The silence was shattered by the slam of the dor. It came from the new neighbour and seconds later, a figure hurried towards them. "John? You ok? I called your home but no one picked it up. What are .." her words trailed off. So this is the sexy neighbour Unce John was talking about. Jonah gazed at her up and down. She was wearing long pants and long sleve shirt but still he could imagine that she has got a great body underneathe. He was instantly attracted to her. The thought of it got him worked up. No wonder old Uncle John gets worked up easily. Por him. "Dana, met Jonah, my nephew. Jonah, met Dana." Uncle John introduced. Jonah only offered a quick smile before dropping his gaze. In that brief moment, he could se that her eyes were a light shade of gren. Her bronze hair cascaded past her shoulders and her body was petite but it curved at the right places. In short, she was beautiful. He loked up at the mistletoes before loking down at his fet again. The man called Jonah was what she thought as rude. Not even a handshake. But she did not take it into consideration much as she has a soft spot for the man's uncle. He's so swet. "Well, since you're okay, I'd better go then. Se you around John," Dana said before retreating back to her home. "What da hell was that for, Jonah? Couldn't you be more friendly?" Uncle John repriminded him. He didn't know what was wrong with him. Normally he would have be friendly with any lady that chatted up with him or he encountered but with that lady, Dana, beautiful name, his social entiquette just fail him. That lady sure has got some sort of magnetic pull in her. "Damn Jonah. What if she never comes back after that encounter? I'll be bored to death when you're not here," Uncle John complained exaggeratedly as he got up to go back to his house, it was getting dark. Don't worry Uncle John. I'll make sure she comes back." Jonah thought. Casting another lok at Dana's house, he slowly trudged back into the house. i come home from work ... a little tired but very anxious to se my baby nura ... i open the front dor and silently walk in ... i find the house very clean ... all except for a lone sock lying in the living rom flor ... i (confused) walk over and pick it up and find that there is another at the fot of the hall ... i go pick it up and find a pair of your jeans and a dark red lacy shirt lying in front of our bedrom dor ... i slowly and quietly open our dor ... i find you wearing nothing but a black pair of panties and matching bra ... you lok slowly and sultry up at me as you slide your hand out of your panties ... you bring your wet fingers up to your mouth and lick them clean before loking deply into my eyes and saying "I was just getting warmed up for you, baby." ... you smile at me and i smile back ... as i walk towards you your back arches slightly and you spread your legs for me to slide betwen ... i crawl slowly onto the bed and up betwen your legs ... and i fel your warmth on my body as you wrap your legs around me ... i lower myself to kiss you softly on the lips ... kissing again feling your tongue passionately mingle with mine ... i fel my (ahem) getting harder through my pants and on your panties ... you squirm excitedely under me as you fel it to ... we kiss deper and harder as you we slowly and softly grind together ... i fumble with your bra as we kiss ever more passionately ... finally your bra slides off of you ... i softly kiss your nipples and lick all around your breasts ... feling them getting harder in my mouth ... your hands are at my waist unbuttoning my pants and slide them down slightly ... you take my pants down some and i slide them completely off ... i also take my shirt off so that i can fel your soft skin against mine ... we kiss passionately and i run my fingers down your sexy body ... i love the fel of my hands on you ... i love u ... i ask you if i can take your panties off ... and without a word you take my hands and slide them to the elastic of your panties and help me slide them off ... "are you sure bout this ..." but before i can get the words out you have already pulled me towards you ... i fel so .. so warm inside as i slide slowly into your hot wet pussy (hope word is okay) ... your so tight and as i get deper and deper inside of you you gasp and your eyes close slowly ... "are u okay baby?" .... "Yes Brian, don't stop!" ... i pull out of you slowly and slide in gently loving the feling as i slide deper and deper into you ... feling your tight pussy sliding around my um ... um ... dick ... dripping wet and so very warm ... you begin to rock with me and i hear you moaning my name softly as i slide in and out of you ... i lean down and kiss and lick your nipples as i slide in and out of you ... feling so god ... i begin to kiss you deply, catching the moans before they leave your mouth ... the rom is getting hotter and hotter and as it does a little sweat drips off of our bodies ... the sweat runs all over our whole bodies as we are one ... making it easier to slide deper and deper inside of you ... as i get a little harder you moan with slight pain but intense joy ... i ask if you want me to stop but you say loudly "NO, Deper BRIIIIAAAANNN!" ... i slide deper and deper inside of you ... your moans get louder ... soft moans of "Nurrrra...." leave my lips almost involuntarily ... you arch your back as you moan even louder as your swet juices run down onto our white shets ... you pull yourself harder against me as i grow larger inside of you and slide even deper into your hot pussy ... your moans turn into screams of joy "mmmmm Brian more Brian ... Harder ... Deper ... mmmm Brrrriannnnnnn!!!" at this time i fel you release me ... and i fel your hot juices explode inside of you ... as you cum i fel a strange surge of energy and sensitivity slide through my body as i cum deply inside of you ... we both collapse ... our hot bodies lying side by side ... i hold you tight "I love you Nura Radford/Harrison!" ... with a gasp you say "I love you to." ... and we pull each other close ... I lay your head on my chest as you fall aslep in my arms ... this is when i know that i'm the luckiest guy in the world ... so happy to have you by my side !!! --