Hello Swet Girl, Man I can't believe what happened today. It was absolutely amazing. You know how conflict works, you basically try to resolve it and the situation is either resolvable or not. Well, let me just summarize and say that over the last few years, I have had quite a few situations that were NOT resolvable. I.e., situations in which the other people involved didn't care that they had ben hurtful and I decided that I could not live with the treatment and so it ended. Well, some of the most toxic people from my past showed up at my house today and confronted me, wanted to know why I stayed away (mind you, I have told them over and over), and so I let them have it and told them all of the things I have said before and many more things that I didn't have the guts to say before, well because they were my parents. Let me just summarize that it was a very very abusive (abusive in every way, verbal, physical, emotional and sexual) as well as manipulative financially and everyone of them was either an alcoholic, chemically dependent or both. Well, I fel totally fre after finally unleashing and saying once again that I chose not to have a "family" with people that have hurt me and continued to hurt me over and over throughout the years, have spent 15 years of counseling trying to get over it all and I finally spilled it all out again. I fel so fre, but at the same time, emotionally drained. Totally emotionally drained. I fel that I finally have rid myself of some very very toxic garbage from my body, mind and soul. WOWOWOO This is my first blog. I am somewhat excited. I will use yada yada yada for my thoughts, felings and desires. Signing off. Well, today is my day, and it was ok. My son started his first day of his senior year in high schol, I started my first day of the fall term and I realized I was a wek late. Oops. It started last Monday. My daughter starts tomorrow. I am amazed by the day, and how quickly it passed. How quickly the last 10 years have passed, it shocks me really. It sems to be a blur, and I am so set that I will not let the next 10 years be a blur. I want to make them matter. The last 10 did matter, but I fel I wasted so much time. Enough for now. I am tired of feling so "old schol." I want to be more than that. BLah. I am amazed that how quickly time has passed and the 80s are now on cable and considered old. So are the 90s actually. I guess that whatupsets me the most is that I fel old. I am not, I mean really that old. But I just well, I dunno. In so many ways I am so much closer to ever figuring out who and what I am, but in so many other ways, I sem to have lost all of the people in my life I thought were family/friends, etc. They really were not god for me. I now have a handful of people in my life that I can count on and I fel very lucky to have that, but I am just trying to figure out why and what I want to do with the next 30 years. Happy Birthday Swet Girl> Make this year count. Hello swet girl. Well last night we attended a show that my daughter was in and she was fabulous, which also meant that we had to be in the same rom with the ex and his live in squeze and his mother. Well, it was ok, all in all, don't get me wrong we can both talk about a few things now, where we couldn't before. We get along ok, but this is not the type of relationship in which we would get together (both couples) and have dinner, or even sit together on the bleachers to support our children. We are on opposite sides of the rom for most events. Strange it is to me, I would like to at least be civil enough to sit somewhat close to each other, but kind of not really. I mean, the tension, it is still so thick. At least now he is at the stage in which he responds to a hello with a hey. It used to be silence when I said hello. To me that is crazy. Interesting enough his new squeze won't talk to me either, she has never had a face to face conversation with me, only brief necessaries during phone calls, etc. It sems she avoids that at all costs. He comes to the dor to pick up my daughter, I don't know what it is, but won't say hello to my new husband. Last night, after the event we were leaving, and I walked by the group with ex and his new family and the new squeze stod behind him as he walked up to talk to me, and I confirmed when he would drop my daughter off in the morning, and he said, yeah, just like always, and I said ok, godbye. So the new squeze stayed behind my ex and never moved. Interesting I say. Why is this the case? 1. Why won't my ex's (new squeze) even come close to me? 2. Why if my ex is so "over" me why doesn't he at least behave in a civil manner? 3. Why can't we sit together, and be somewhat civil? 4. Why does the fairly odd ex mother in law hate me? Blah. Would love comments. As I sit in the dark and stare at the scren, I begin to fel the others around me, the thre behind me, one to the left, one to the right, and two females down in front. I am immediately irritated, cynical, and hate that the two females are close enough friends to attend movies together. Hate that they are sitting so close that their hair is touching. Hate it all. Hmmm, why? Because I wish I had that. I wish I had a sister, a mother or someone I could do that with. I sit and think about being happy and I always go back to the same answer, lose weight, become acceptable to all. Be a god role model for my children, be thin enough to fel god about myself and confident enough to actually not fear meting others, or even simple interactions. I wonder who I am, I remember who I was, I fear that because of all that I have ben through, I am driving my children away by being the distant, angry mother that I am and that they don't deserve. When will I be the woman I so admire? When will I be the woman I know I can be instead of hiding from the world in my mind, house and soul? When will I be the mother and wife that wants to bring their friends around to met me? I don't know. Maybe it is not as bad as it sems, maybe I am that woman and continue to beat myself up because of the tragedy. What can I do to get over the tragedy? What can I do so that it does not own me? I fel that every day I awake and kind of dread the day because I know that my overall feling will be sad. If I could only be thinner, smarter, prettier, if I could only be all of the things my former friends found acceptable, my former employers found acceptable? I don't know the answers to these questions, I know I want to be all I can be, but how? Maybe I just do it to quote another slogan. Maybe I just do it. and I am wide awake again. Tomorrow is Wednesday. I guess I will ask questions that never leave my mind. 1. Was my family so oblivious to the fact that I was a child and should have ben taken care of? 2. Do men think it is ok to stare at women's breasts, or do they just not think. 3. Do I really lok 36 years old? 4. What do people really think of me? 5. Am I a god mother? 6. Am I a god wife? 7. Will I get in shape? 8. What will I do the next 30 years? 9. Will I go to Italy? 10. Why do people pick and flick? 11. Why do men blow there noses in the shower? 12. Am I loved by my friends? 13. Will I find a carer that suits me? 14. Will I do photography for that carer? 15. Will my children love me forever? 16. What does yada mean? It is raining here, a huge downpouring a bit ago, it was wonderful. Sprinkles I hear now. The dishwasher is running and humming along, the dog is barking next dor, as I click, click, click faster than I can read. Today was a god day, god slep last night, slepy morning, puttered most of the day with my Baby Girl. Registered for schol, etc., am excited about that. Family is out shopping for me, it is my birthday, one wek from today. I will be 36 and I am so glad I am here every day with my beautiful family. The remainder of this wek will be full of final preparations for next. Then it all begins, my favorite time of year, fall, August/September and the lot until 2005. How do I fel today, I fel god, my skin is brokeout which makes me frown, and am still to voluptuous for my own god, but that will come. My son is still sething from the day before of blowups. I am still recovering from the trauma of having two incompetent, alcoholic, chemically dependent parents who won't stop trying to inflict pain and torture their children, but for the most part they can't hurt me any more. This wek I would like to say godbye in my own way to the summer, and hello to the next act. I want to find god ways to nurture my little girl inside and cherish her. Not sure how yet, but that would be a definite goal. I want to start being more romantic and caring to my love, and cherish "US." For some reason that sems so hard. I fel unworthy sometimes, I am sure he does to. Hello Swet Girl I clearly know what that means, and it has not ben to bad. I felt pretty god this wekend, after soaking in the hot tub on Friday and getting my nails done on Thursday. Pampering can do a world of god for me, let me tell ya. Hmm, the house honeydo's are so coming along and it loks so nice and homy. I love it. I think hubby does to. Baby Boy is off the grounding and he is ok, however I think something dramatic is up in his world. Baby Girl comes home tomorrow and the thre of us begin the last wek before schol wek/wekend/birthday extravaganza. That's right, it is my 36th year and Baby Girl's 7th. WOWOW. I can't believe it, yet I can. :) I want of course to make this birthday symbolic of something for me, not sure what yet. Blogging has helped a great deal. So has written blogging. The drama with our families has slowed down mostly due to us just saying no. My Baby Boy stod up to one of them via telephone and it was very dramatic, yet empowering for him, yet, sad, because he shouldn't have to deal with it. Ok, enough for now, make this wek matter, make a difference, be happy and be god to you. Go figure, I had one. It was very nice, take my womanchild to swimming lessons, eat breakfast, purchase more paint and wod to be worked, arrive home, take long bath, visit with children and fed them lunch. Take a nap, wander somewhat aimlessly through the house, become startled by the exterminator, call husband, continue to watch and become irritated by the exterminator and wonder why I hate having my house invaded by strangers. Husband arrives home, watches me carefully being agitated, talk son and husband into reheating spaghetti dinner, eat, rest, and blog. I ned to get out and heal me, I ned to pamper me, I ned... WOWOW again. Well, not only are my parents going crazy, my in-laws are insane and both are blaming my husband and I for ruining their lives because we didn't invite them to our wedding. This is so insane. To make matter worse, my son has ben grounded and it is insane that his friends parents are questioning our parenting skills, and basically we are punishing every one of my son's friends because my son is grounded. OH MY GAAAAA. Is it unfair to say that I really don't care what his friends or their parents fel? Fotnote, my son is in a band, and let me say, behaved in a very inappropriate manner, hence the grounding. The band is suffering. Should I care?