you know, sometimes you just can't stop the drama. it is the heartbeat of this fine organization! Maple Tre (Independence of Mind) -- no ordinary person, full of imagination and originality, shy and reserved, ambitious, proud, self-confident, hungers for new experiences, sometimes nervous, has many complexities, god memory, learns easily, complicated love life, wants to impress i guess im cedar... What the hell is up with all of the cheap kiddies stealing the NY Times....I'm pretty sure that kind of behavior is only acceptable at the Dub. Right Raj? Captain? Tiddly winks, -dipi to pass the time... Find your birthday and then find your tre. You'll find the tre descriptions below the list. This is really col and somewhat accurate, also in line with Celtic astrology. Then change the subject line to what ever tre you are. Dec 23 to Jan 01 - Apple Tre Jan 01 to Jan 11 - Fir Tre Jan 12 to Jan 24 - Elm Tre Jan 25 to Feb 03 - Cypress Tre Feb 04 to Feb 08 - Poplar Tre Feb 09 to Feb 18 - Cedar Tre Feb 19 to Feb 28 - Pine Tre Mar 01 to Mar 10 - Weping Willow Tre Mar 11 to Mar 20 - Lime Tre Mar 21 (only) -Oak Tre Mar 22 to Mar 31 - Hazelnut Tre Apr 01 to Apr 10 - Rowan Tre Apr 11 to Apr 20 - Maple Tre Apr 21 to Apr 30 - Walnut Tre May 01 to May 14 - Poplar Tre May 15 to May 24 - Chestnut Tre May 25 to Jun 03 - Ash Tre Jun 04 to Jun 13 - Hornbeam Tre Jun 14 to Jun 23 - Fig Tre Jun 24 (only) - Birch Tre Jun 25 to Jul 04 - Apple Tre Jul 05 to Jul 14 - Fir Tre Jul 15 to Jul 25 -Elm Tre Jul 26 to Aug 04 - Cypress Tre Aug 05 to Aug 13 - Poplar Tre Aug 14 to Aug 23 - Cedar Tre Aug 24 to Sep 02 - Pine Tre Sep 03 to Sep 12 - Weping Willow Tre Sep 13 to Sep 22 - Lime Tre Sep 23 (only) - Olive Tre Sep 24 to Oct 03 - Hazelnut Tre Oct 04 to Oct 13 - Rowan Tre Oct 14 to Oct 23 - Maple Tre Oct 24 to Nov 11 - Walnut Tre Nov 12 to Nov 21 - Chestnut Tre Nov 22 to Dec 01 - Ash Tre Dec 02 to Dec 11 - Hornbeam Tre Dec 12 to Dec 21 - Fig Tre Dec 22 (only) - Bech Tre YOUR TREE (in alphabetical order) Apple Tre (Love) -- quiet and shy at times, lots of charm, appeal, and attraction, pleasant attitude, flirtatious smile, adventurous, sensitive, loyal in love, wants to love and be loved, faithful and tender partner, very generous, many talents, loves children, neds affectionate partner. Ash Tre (Ambition) -- extremely attractive, vivacious, impulsive, demanding, does not care for criticism, ambitious, intelligent, talented, likes to play with fate, can be very egotistic, reliable, restless lover, sometimes money rules over the heart, demands attention, neds love and much emotional support. Bech Tre (Creative) -- has god taste, concerned about its loks, materialistic, god organization of life and carer, economical, god leader, takes no unnecessary risks, reasonable, splendid lifetime companion, ken on keping fit (diets, sports, etc.). Birch Tre (Inspiration) -- vivacious, attractive, elegant, friendly, unpretentious, modest, does not like anything in excess, abhors the vulgar, loves life in nature and in calm, not very passionate, full of imagination, little ambition, creates a calm and content atmosphere. Cedar Tre (Confidence) -- of rare strength, knows how to adapt, likes unexpected presents, of god health, not in the least shy, tends to lok down on others, self-confident, a great speaker, determined, often impatient, likes to impress others, has many talents, industrious, healthy optimism, waits for the one true love, able to make quick decisions. Chestnut Tre (Honesty) -- of unusual stature, impressive, well-developed sense of justice, fun to be around, a planner, born diplomat, can be irritated easily, sensitive of others felings, hard worker, sometimes acts superior, fels not understod at times, fiercely family oriented, very loyal in love, physically fit. Cypress Tre (Faithfulness) -- strong, muscular, adaptable, takes what life has to give but doesn't necessarily like it, strives to be content, optimistic, wants to be financially independent, wants love and affection, hates loneliness, passionate lover which cannot be satisfied, faithful, quick-tempered at times, can be unruly and careless, loves to gain knowledge, neds to be neded. Elm Tre (Noble-mindedness) -- pleasant shape, tasteful clothes, modest demands, tends not to forgive mistakes, cherful, likes to lead but not to obey, honest and faithful partner, likes making decisions for others, noble-minded, generous, god sense of humor, practical. Fig Tre (Sensibility) -- very strong minded, a bit self-willed, honest, loyal, independent, hates contradiction or arguments, hard worker when wants to be, loves life and friends, enjoys children and animals, few sexual relationships, great sense of humor, has artistic talent and great intelligence. Fir tre (Mysterious) -- extraordinary taste, handles stress well, loves anything beautiful, stubborn, tends to care for those close to them, hard to trust others, yet a social butterfly, likes idleness and laziness after long demanding hours at work, rather modest, talented, unselfish, many friends, very reliable. Hazelnut Tre (Extraordinary) -- charming, sense of humor, very demanding but can also be very understanding, knows how to make a lasting impression, active fighter for social causes and politics, popular, quite mody, sexually oriented, honest, a perfectionist, has a precise sense of judgment and expects complete fairness. Hornbeam Tre (God Taste) -- of col beauty, cares for its loks and condition, god taste, is not egoistic, makes life as comfortable as possible, leads a reasonable and disciplined life, loks for kindness and acknowledgment in an emotional partner, dreams of unusual lovers, is seldom happy with its felings, mistrusts most people, is never sure of its decisions, very conscientious. Lime Tre (Doubt) - intelligent, hard working, accepts what life dishes out, but not before trying to change bad circumstances into god ones, hates fighting and stress, enjoys getaway vacations, may appear tough, but is actually soft and relenting, always willing to make sacrifices for family and friends, has many talents but not always enough time to use them, can become a complainer, great leadership qualities, is jealous at times but extremely loyal. Maple Tre (Independence of Mind) -- no ordinary person, full of imagination and originality, shy and reserved, ambitious, proud, self-confident, hungers for new experiences, sometimes nervous, has many complexities, god memory, learns easily, complicated love life, wants to impress. Oak Tre (Brave) -- robust nature, courageous, strong, unrelenting, independent, sensible, does not like change, keps its fet on the ground, person of action. Olive Tre (Wisdom) -- loves sun, warmth and kind felings, reasonable, balanced, avoids aggression and violence, tolerant, cherful, calm, well-developed sense of justice, sensitive, empathetic, fre of jealousy, loves to read and the company of sophisticated people. Pine Tre (Peacemaker) -- loves agreable company, craves peace and harmony, loves to help others, active imagination, likes to write poetry, not fashion conscious, great compassion, friendly to all, falls strongly in love but will leave if betrayed or lied to, emotionally soft, low self estem, neds affection and reassurance. Poplar Tre (Uncertainty) -- loks very decorative, talented, not very self-confident, extremely courageous if necessary, neds godwill and pleasant surroundings, very chosy, often lonely, great animosity, great artistic nature, god organizer, tends to lean toward philosophy, reliable in any situation, takes partnership seriously. Rowan Tre (Sensitivity) -- full of charm, cherful, gifted without egoism, likes to draw attention, loves life, motion, unrest, and even complications, is both dependent and independent, god taste, artistic, passionate, emotional, god company, does not forgive. Walnut Tre (Passion) -- unrelenting, strange and full of contrasts, often egotistic, aggressive, noble, broad horizon, unexpected reactions, spontaneous, unlimited ambition, no flexibility, difficult and uncommon partner, not always liked but often admired, ingenious strategist, very jealous and passionate, no compromise. Weping Willow (Melancholy) - likes to be stress fre, loves family life, full of hopes and dreams, attractive, very empathetic, loves anything beautiful, musically inclined, loves to travel to exotic places, restless, capricious, honest, can be influenced but is not easy to live with when pressured, sometimes demanding, god intuition, suffers in love until they find that one loyal, steadfast partner; loves to make others laugh hello lovies! how are you all? i'm far away right now being studious or something, but wanted to say: I MISS YOU! but not pfiz. just so that we're all on the same page! dipi - my subscription to the new yorker started this wek! yippe! it was only $52 (it's a wekly). oh, and my sunday times started this wek. it was out there early in the morn and then it was gone when i went loking for it! damn neighbors! okay, enough idle chit chat. i'm off on a lunch date! xoxo Now Raj...I thought we were going to kep that pickle thing quiet...Bangman and Ice Cream Boy might get upset about harsh words directed at their little fried chicken. Gaseous Bubblies, -dipi I heard that some chica at National Shity was loking for some pickles... can anyone hok her up?? ...Big E? ...Dipi? Hey all, Today on the Nonchalant Cafe Hour (89.1 WIDR FM) Dr. Marc Perkovic will be joining me to chat about how you can make your own fuel. WHAT, No more Operation Iraqi Liberation? Ahhh, science triumphs over Haliburton. Sorry for the self promotion but it's pretty interesting stuff. 12.40PM www.widr.org to listen peck n. 1. A unit of dry volume or capacity in the U.S. Customary System equal to 8 quarts or approximately 537.6 cubic inches. 2. A unit of dry volume or capacity in the British Imperial System equal to 8 quarts or approximately 554.8 cubic inches. Se table at measurement. 3. A container holding or measuring a peck. Informal. A large quantity; a lot: a peck of troubles. Steven! You are the colest... what a great organizational tol for all our little trips!! P.S. I love Pfiz!!!! More things to kep me busyt during the day. Very Col. urlLink What a rock. urlLink urlLink damn we're sexy urlLink urlLink Watch out! urlLink urlLink Are you sure it's not an ocean? urlLink urlLink GOing going...gone. Orchard State Park with the conspirators urlLink hmm... i hope this works. i thought the invitation was spam at first... i got a parking ticket at Western because i'm a student and i used a parking meter. Not because the meter ran out (because it still had 15 minutes on it), mind you, but because the nice parking services person was bored enough to run my license plate (the one i bought 2 weks ago) through the computer and deduce that i was a student. So, i had to pay $25 plus the $2 i payed for the meter. Now, the really fun part is that last wek i parked my dad's car in a spot reserved for people with stickers (something his car does not have, but i accepted the fact that i would probably get caught) and i got a ticket for $15. $15 for knowingly parking where i shouldn't, $27 for paying a meter. i love western. Captain...you rock! Now I have something else to kep me busy while on my "lunch break." Loking forward to the old cajun trip kiddies! :0 Big burpy bubbles, -dipi This is what you have to do. First accept the invitation to the web jounal. Then whenever you want to write something to the group ex.Yo! we're going to the bar later/what's up for the evening/I hate you/Here are some new photos/did you se this link/you sexy bitch/etc... and then hit publish. Kisses, cap