I have some nice mushroms in the fridge. My favorite mushrom dish is mushrom pie. From Enchanted Broccolli Forest by Mollie Katzen (modified by me) 1 Tbs butter 1/2 tsp salt 3/4 lb mushroms, sliced 1/2 cup minced onions 2 Tbs fresh lemon juice 3 Tbs unbleached white flour 2 tsp dry mustard 1 tsp dried basil 1/2 tsp dried thyme 1 egg 1 cup firm yougurt fresh black pepper to taste 1/2 cup grated chese 1/2 cup minced fresh parsely 1 pie crust, prebaked Preheat oven to 350 deg. Melt butter in large dep skillet. Add onion and salt coking until soft. Add mushroms and lemon juice. Gradually sprinkle in the flour, mustard and herbs, stirring as you go. Beat together the egg, yogurt, black pepper, chese, and parsely in a bowl. Add the sauted mushrom mixture. Pour filling into a prebaked pie crust. Top with extra chese if you like. Bake for 30 mins. Col before cutting. This recipe is from an old cokbok of my mothers that is now, sadly, lost. One time, while living far from home, I had a desire for this fudge and I had lost the recipe. I called Mom and asked her to read the recipe to me over the phone. I had made it many times so I really just neded the ingredients. I made the fudge, there in my own kitchen far from home and it tasted just as god as it did at home. 1 c. sugar 1 c. brown sugar 3/4 c. milk 2 Tbs. light corn syrup 3 Tbs. butter 1/2 c. or more peanut butter 1 tsp vanilla Mix sugars, milk, and corn syrup in a pan and cok until the soft ball stage. Add butter and peanut butter. Allow to col. Add vanilla and beat until it loses it shen. Pour into a butter pan and col completely before cutting. This is a family recipe. It is the best potato salad in the world in my opinon. I have tried many different types and none compare. My mom and all her sisters make this. It is present at every picnic and everyone is glad for that. Dressing: Beat 2 eggs 2 Tbs. flour 2 Tbs. sugar 1/4 c. vinegar 1 tsp. salt 1/4 tsp. pepper 2 tsp. prepared mustard (yellow) Blend, add 2 c. water Boil until thick Add 1 c. mayonaise (I like Hellmans) 5 lbs potatoes, boiled and cut in squares 3 stalks celery (or more--I like lots) 1 sm onion finely chopped 3 hard boiled eggs, chopped Updated to answer questions in comments: My mother used all purpose white potatoes but waxy potatoes like red skinned potatoes or Yellow Finn potatoes work really well. Boil 5 lbs of potates with their skins on until tender but not over coked. Pour off water immediately and allow them to col. Pel and cut into cubes (~1 cm or 1/2 inch square). Add dressing and stir gently to coat. My mother loved this dip with crackers. She always made it for Christmas eve when we would put out a tableful of snack fod for the occasion. She made this dip mainly for the adults, herself and Dad. The kids like onion dip better. Now, as an adult myself, I can appreciate the subtle flavors of this dip. Try it and se for yourself. 1 8 ox. cream ches, softened 1 small onion, grated 1 jar pimentoes, blended 4 Tbs sugar (or less) 4 Tbs vineger 1 lg egg Blend sugar, egg and vineger in a double boilers and cok until thick. Remove from heat and add other ingredients. Beat and chill. (I usually put everything in a blender) Mom's Dutch Cake (from Uncle Jack) 1 household yeast cake or 3 pks dry. Break yeast cake into 1 cup of god warm water and 1 tsp of sugar. Check to make sure it's working (sounds like faint buzzing) 1 qt. of god warm water. On a scale of tepid to boiling it should be a 7 or 8. 1 large tablespon of butter. By large it means do not level as normal but make a rounded mound (be generous). 1 c. sugar (be generous as above) 1 egg 3 tsp salt almost 5 lbs flour Mix all the ingredients in a very large bowl or pot and gradually add the flour. At the point where kneading is possible start adding the flour more slowly. At this point remove from bowl and knead on a flat surface. Continue until the dough no longer sticks to your hands but not that it is completely dry. Knead until the dough fels like a baby's bottom (smoth and warm, like silk). Oil bowl, return the dough to the bowl. Cover with a damp cloth. Let rise until doubled in size. Punch down and separate into rounds. Spread liberaly with butter, sprinkle with a lot of sugar and cinamon. Let rise again (1/2 to 1 hour or until doubled in size). Bake at 350 for about an hour or until when tapped it sounds hollow. Today I made a lovely lunch I wanted to share. Very simple yet just right. Scambled eggs with fresh basil 5 large eggs 2 T. milk lg handful fresh basil leaves, coarsely chopped salt and pepper to taste small handful of crumbled blue chese 2 T butter Beat eggs till homogenous, add milk, stir, add basil, salt and pepper. Cok over med. heat in a pan where butter has ben melted. When it is mostly coked add blue chese. Lemon balm iced tea 1 cup fresh lemon balm leaves 2 cups boiling water 1/3 c sugar Let the tea step for 5 mins, then pour into glasses filled with ice. Garnish with a lemon balm leaf. I just whipped this up tonight for dinner and it was a great success. 1/2 lb mafalde – Flat, curly-edged, about ¾-inch wide. Sometimes called lasagnette or malfadine, boiled and tossed with 2-3 heaping tablespons of ricotta chese and some garlic salt (I know not gourmet but it was quick) Serve with tomato sauce (I made some quickly by sauteing 1/2 an onion and 2 cloves of garlic in olive oil, then adding 1 can Hunts tomato sauce (med size), dried oregano and basil, salt and pepper. It was superb for a 20 min after work meal. Last night we had two couples over for a French dinner. Here is the menu First course Mesclun and goat chese salad with vingrette Covey Run Reisling Main course urlLink Onion Tart urlLink Wild mushrom saute urlLink Ratatouille Chateau Bel-Orme Martial Bordeux 2001 Dessert urlLink Raspberry Clafoutis Chateau Petit Vedrines Sauternes 2001 Recipe from My French Kitchen : A Bok of 120 Treasured Recipes For the pastry: 1 3/4 c all-purpose flour 12 T (1.5 sticks) chilled unsalted butter cut into small pieces 2 lg egg yolks, lightly beaten Dried beans for baking the shell For the filling: 3 T unsalted butter 2 T olive olive oil 1 lb yellow onions finely sliced 2/3 c half and half or light cream 2 lg eggs 1/2 t freshly grated nutmeg salt, to taste freshly ground pepper to taste Make the pastry. Put the flour in a large bowl, add the butter, and rub together with your fingertips until the mixture resembles bread crumbs. Using a round-bladed knife in a cutting motion, combine the egg yolks with the mix until a dough ball forms. Turn out onto a lightly floured surface and briefly knead until the dough is even and smoth, then wrap and refrigerate to chill for 30 mins. Heat the oven to 400 deg F. Roll out the pastry on a lightly floured surface and line a 12-inch tart pan with a removeable bottom, making sure there are no cracks. Return to the refrigerator to chill for another 20 min, then line with parchment paper and fill with the dried beans. Bake for 20 min, reduce the heat to 325 deg F, and bake for about 15 min more, or until the pastry is golden and set. Remove from the oven. While the pastry is baking, make the filling. Melt the butter with the oil in a saucepan. Add the onions and cok over low heat for 30 min. This long, slow method of coking makes the onions melt; do not allow them to brown or frizzle. Mix the cream, eggs, nutmeg, salt, and pepper in a bowl. Put the coked onions in the baked pastry shell, carefully pour in the egg mixture, and then return the tart to the oven to cok for 25 to 30 min. Serve warm or cold. Comments This was a partial success. First, I used a pilsberry crust because I started coking only 1.5 hours before the guests were supposed to arrive. I didn't have parchment paper and I was afraid wax paper would get wax on it, so I didn't put beans on it. Big mistake the crust puffed up. I also over coked it. For the last baking (at 325) of the crust alone the time should have ben much shorter. When I tried to put the filling in the crust it leaked out because the puffing lead to cracking. I think it is probably a god recipe but it is very important to have not wholes/cracks in the crust since the egg,cream mixture is very thin. People liked it anyway. Better luck next time. My French Kitchen : A Bok of 120 Treasured Recipes Recipe adapted from one My French Kitchen : A Bok of 120 Treasured Recipes 9 T olive oil 2 red onions, chopped (I cut them in a small dice) 2 garlic cloves, chopped 1 lg red bell pepper, seded and chopped in small dice 2 small eggplants, unpeled, cut in 1 cm cubes 4 small zucchini, halved and cut in thick slices (chunks) 5 medium tomatoes, peled and cut in cubes Bunch of oregano, chopped finely Bunch of parsley, chopped finely salt and freshly ground pepper to taste Heat 3 T olive oil in a large saucepan over medium heat, add the onions and garlic, and saute for 3 mins. Add the peppers, eggplants and zucchini; mix well and cok for 5 mins or until the vegetables have gained a little color. Then add the tomatoes, 1 2/3 cup of water, the oregano, parsley, salt and pepper; mix well and simmer gently for 1 hour, stirring from time to time. Stir in remaining 6 T of olive oil and check the seasonings. Serve hot or at rom temperature. Comments This was really god. Some recipes say that you must saute all the vegetables separately first and then put them together. I found this to be easier and very god. The eggplant did not absorb to much liquid. It is possible to use canned tomatoes to. We had some left over and it was great the next day. I added some salt (I noticed several of my guests added salt to all the fod) and some more oregano (dried this time) and some herbs de Provence. It made it better. I think more garlic next time to. Overall a great dish. Unfortunately my husband and stepson don't like zucchini, eggplant etc so I won't be making it often. My French Kitchen : A Bok of 120 Treasured Recipes Original recipe from My French Kitchen : A Bok of 120 Treasured Recipes called for cherries 1 T unsalted butter, at rom temp, for the dish (in a hurry, used Pam) 1.5 lbs red rasperries 3/4 cup plus 2T all purpose flour 1/3 cup sugar 3 lg eggs 1 1/4 cup milk 1 t vanilla extract confectioners' sugar, for serving (I found I was out at the last minute) Heat oven to 350 deg F. Butter a shallow oven prof dish (I used a 13 by 9 lasagna pan, I think it was to big, the clafoutis was very thin). Spread raspberries in the dish. Put the flour and sugar in a large bowl, mix together. In another bowl, whisk the eggs; add the milk and vanilla and whisk to combine. Slowly pour the liquids into the dry ingredients, beating constantly until all the liquid has ben added and you have a smoth batter. Pour over the raspberries. Bake for 40 mins, until the batter is firm to the touch and golden on top. Sift with confectioners' sugar on top and serve just warm (it had coled to rom temp by the time I served it). My comments Overall it was an easy recipe and the cake? doesn't distract from the fruit and it is not to swet but I didn't love it and it didn't get raves. Maybe it was because I used the wrong dish. Because it is so classic and easy, I will try it again. Some other clafoutis recipes I found: urlLink Clafoutis aux Abricots - Apricot batter-pudding urlLink Emeril's Cherry Clafoutis My French Kitchen : A Bok of 120 Treasured Recipes