- letting go of a person u've just learned to love - reminiscing the god times u shared together - shielding ur heart to love somebody - trying to hide what u really fel - trying to hide the tears that involuntarily fall from ur eyes - loving a person to much - giving up someone u never thought of giving up - having the right love at the wrong time - taking the risk to fall in love again - hiding ur relationship from someone else - controlling ur felings to avoid hurting a friend - thinking of him every waking and sleping moment knowing all the while that he never even thinks a single thought of you... - letting go, because everytime you se the person, you only fall deper - holding back only to find out when it's to late,you both felt the same way, but were only scared to lose each other so much that you didn't let the felings out - falling inlove with someone you didnt mean to fall inlove with - finding the perfect guy...with only one prob....he doesnt love you...the way you want him to... - helping the one you love "court" your friend - seing the one you love crying for someone else - the waiting also hurts like hell - having to hear "... I've met someone" - agreing to his wish to 'just be friends'. - asking his fredom back bcoz 'he'd be happier with her' - asking u to 'forget that everything happened' and be 'normal' friends again. -hearing that u're treated as a little sis (ouch!) -sharing his future plans for the girl with you. -u stopped being friends bcoz his gf asked him to. -being denied in front of people. -telling u lies where he'd ben when actually, he was with a 'new friend' or an 'old flame' (whew!) -he told u he'd be leaving u to return to his ex (done he left 4 u!) -breaking someone's heart -fighting for that one thing that would make you happy that is, holding on to a person who can not guarante you his commitment unless he fix himself...then, you are left hanging for the moment...then he says, time will tell...ang labo lang niya...but you still decided to hope in him and trust him -PRETENDING you're OK when inside you're dying... -PRETENDING to be strong.... and RECOGNIZING your weakness -lying in bed each night, thinking of that special person you can never have... -being with someone you can't actually love... -pretending you don't love a person whom you actually love... -being in love... -letting go even if you really don't want to... having no right to say you are hurting because it was your decision -seing the person you love hurt because of you... and not being able to help that person... -having the courage to say I LOVE YOU to the person you love and finding out afterwards that things will never be the same again when he doesnt treat you with the same closeness as before -having to face the fact that someone is capable of completely destroying the wall that you have set for yourself, leaving you weak and vulnerable -admitting that you love someone despite his imperfections -finding out that the more you try to hate him, the more you end up loving him, perhaps even more than before -realizing how stupid your mistakes were that led to your break-up. -the thought that this guy, used to really love you and you loved him as well but you didn't give enough and he gave up on you -Sharing the one you love with SOMEBODY else....." -making a promise....and realizing that when the time has come for that promise to be delivered....the commitment is no longer there... -the hardest thing about love - believing it exists. After you've ben hurt... ....learning to forgive ....learning to trust and love again But the hardest thing really is learning to love yourself. We always forget to do this. You Are A Relationship Rescuer! You don't ruin relationships, if anything you kep them together The key: you respect yourself and your guy. Which goes further than you might think. You simply treat your guy how you would like to be treated... the old golden rule. And in return, he treats you like gold - or at least tries. And how perfect is that urlLink Do You Ruin Relationships? Take This Quiz :-) urlLink Find the Love of Your Life (and More Love Quizzes) at Your New Romance. You Are Left Brained In Love Col and clearheaded Tend not to get swept away Dependable and trustworthy Able to lok at thing objectively Honest and direct in relationships Rely on standards when picking a man God at solving relationship problems Ready to compete for your swetie's heart Articulate, a god conversationalist, and witty Think overly romantic displays are a waste of time A few serious boyfriends as opposed to many flings Notice all of the details about your guy - god and bad urlLink Are You Right Brained or Left Brained in Love? Take This Quiz :-) urlLink Find the Love of Your Life (and More Love Quizzes) at Your New Romance. Guys Like That You're Sensitive And not in that "cry at a drop of a hat" sort of way You just get most guys - even if you're not trying to Guys find it is easy to confide in you and tell you their secrets No wonder you tend to get close quickly in relationships! urlLink What Do Guys Like About You? Take This Quiz :-) urlLink Find the Love of Your Life (and More Love Quizzes) at Your New Romance. You Are Most Like Carrie! You're quirky, flirty, and every guy's perfect first date. But can the guy in question live up to your romantic ideal? It's tough for you to find the right match - you're more than a little picky. Never fear... You've got a great group of friends and a great closet of clothes, no matter what! Romantic prediction: You'll fall for someone this year... Totally different from any guy you've dated. urlLink Which Sex and the City Vixen Are You Most Like? Take This Quiz Right Now! urlLink Find the Love of Your Life (and More Love Quizzes) at Your New Romance. I wasnt prepared for this day. I even woke up late this morning so I got to the office a bit late... 9am is a bit late for me though. Anyways, this afternon I had a review meting for our Release 4. My stupid Outlok did not warn me about the meting. Well it usually pops up something to remind me about the meting but this time it did not pop anything. I was 15mins late for the meting. I even got lost when finding the meting rom. It was on the 4th flor which I have only visited once. I had to call hanna and ask her to guide my way in finding the meting rom. During the meting, it was mentioned that my team has sent the erroneous package last wek and they even had the document written about it. wahhh!!! that was so rude of them! It was just one mistake that I can never take back! Well, to bad i can never turn back time. It's ben done.. well at least I have learned something from it. This wek, I have learned something important... Never trust the package. A second, third and fourth test on the package will not hurt. Bad thing is that I have to learn it the hard way. I really fel sad about it... I fel depressed and tensed. My two bosses know about it but our big boss back in Manila does have any idea about it. yikes! This matters to him a lot because my company is supposed to receive a bonus if we can deliver perfect packages all the time. This is so depressing! I wish something god happens to me this wek. The past weks has ben so bad for me. Problems and more problems about work just keps coming. I know god would not give me problems that I cannot solve. But what the heck... I am a god person and I dont deserve this! You've Ben Bit By the Shopping Bug! You're constantly adding to your wardrobe - and it shows However, you can show some restraint. You love god deals. Your love of the clearance rack has paid off... You probably have only maxed out card or two, if at all! urlLink Are You a Shopaholic? Take This Quiz :-) Finally I had the urge to write a blog again! Last wek and this wek has ben really tough. First, the sudden shutdown of the server instances of our application in the production environment. This was really bad since I had no idea why they were shutting down. People here in the Nokia office has ben panicking. I am all alone and I have to give a solution to these panicking people. Not to mention they floded my email with their complaints and the Project Manager called for an emergency meting about this errors in the server. I can't help but panic to. For thre straight days, they floded my mailbox! Imagine how much emails I had to answer just to make them shutup. Well, I actually wished that their mailserver will fuckup so i'd stop receiving their mails. As last wek ended, we found a solution to this matter and the PM praised me and my company for acting fast on this. My boss in manila even thanked me for doing a great job. Second, just when I thought I can breathe normally now, another problem came... the deployment package last monday was not working properly. I tried loking at the logs but I didnt find anything. I was so clueless! As always, the client panicked again! The package was for the new version of the software in QA environment. Emails again was floding but only less than that of lastwek's. Since I did not find anything wrong with the package, I just suggested to the client to redeploy our package. Third, hanna was about to go home at 4pm. Manila team was also asking me to send an email about the changes in one of our documents then forward it to the client for reviewing. Hanna was also waiting for me to give her a solution to the erroneous package. wahhh!!! what am I supposed to do first?! they both gave me deadlines at the same time and both are not easy to do. wtf do they think I am? wonderwoman or something?! Fourth, when I got here in the office this morning, I was greted by a not so god mail. The client has redeployed the package as I suggested yesterday but the errors were still the same. They were getting the same errors like yesterdays. And so I asked for Manila team's help since I was so clueless once again. They sent me another package... I had to test it first before I had it deployed to the client's QA. Just imagine how slow my pc is!? It tok me hours to test a stupid package! Client panicking, computer so slow... get the picture?? When I got the new package from manila and tested it, I had to make a very sincere apologetic email to the client. Wahhhh! as if it was my fault that the package that was sent to me earlier was fucked up. Fifth, the client was happy that I finally corrected the error that appeared since Monday. The problem now is we have this quality assurance guarante to the client. it is either we get this percentage of bonus if we deliver god stuff or not get it at all. It sems that after this fucked up release, we wont be getting that bonus anymore?! my boss will surely be so mad about this. Sixth, Im so damn tired and tensed the past wek. I hope this panicking and problems stop coming out while im alone here. This is to much for an experience. Both client and my bosses has ben praising me for a job well done but it isnt enough to make my work a little bit easier. It's not my fault to be workaholic, take my work seriously and being organization savvy. I just hope destiny doesnt take advantage of these qualities of mine! I badly ned a break!!! BOOKS SCJP certification bok POPCORN movies SUMMER manila! cebu! vacation! WINTER finland in january SPRING finland in may AUTUMN finland now! RAYMOND ryan BUTT butt ko! hahaha FREUD wala PARTY birthday! BLUE i fel blue... =( MAGAZINES salon! CINNAMON st.cinnamon MEMORIES trip to sweden SUSHI unagi sushi SORRY i had received so many of it DOG i want to buy a sharpei or a shitzhu COUNTRY sweden! LOVE im in love PAIN it taught me how to be strong LIARS mamatay na kayo!!! CAMERA digi cam... which i am planning to buy JEALOUSY im not one jealous person BED i miss my bed in manila CLUBBING i dont enjoy this that much LOTR Legolas! Return of the King is the best! THANKSGIVING everyday ALOHA hawai BASKETBALL pba GAME warcraft SONY camcorder BIRD and if i could se a single bird... WHAT A JOY! hehe SCHOOL upmla, stcqc MOON wow may mon sa manila, sa helsinki wala LOVE ONE family IDOLS american idol? RED red lopez... hairbytes forbes/podium CURL chese curls MALL wahhh!!! i miss manila's malls SHOES im addicted to shopping shoes! SWIMMING cebu PHONE nokia6230/5140 GUN i wish i had one PERFUME carolina herrera BRAIN ox brain.. yummm BUTTERFLY lolo's here