hai~ ... today in the morning i had this packet of cokies ... i actually totally love them ... but today i was not really hungry ... so i offered to the rest ... fatin din wan any ... maybe she's on diet ... ha ...and shermaine tok one ... i asked her to take another but she was like " no, no , no " ... so ok ... den hasenah came and said she'll take one ... faizal and khalis din wan also ... azmi also ... he said he doesn wan to grow fat ... wad a loser ... he's so skinny ... wad's he talking about ?? ...anyway i asked winston and he said he wanted ... hasenah said he could take all ...making him suspicious ... but he tok anyway ... he doesnt noe how to eat k ... he dropped it ...so he tok another one ... suddenly faizal said he wanted one and he tok about four instead ... wad a loser ... so it was finished ... during morning assembly i saw gloria ... without her specs k ... of cos i laughed at her ... ha ... but she cant buy one anytime son cos her 2 brothers and her sister also ned another one and her parents cant afford so many at one go ... ha~ ... and i also saw divya ... so long no se ... 3 days not in schol ... hasenah and i were staring at her ... ha~ akhil missed her ... ha~ joking only ... she doesn like akhil ... she missed her darling though ... but she din wan to go se him ... i din se him also ... anyway , it was science and gloria and i changed places ... hasenah told me not to flirt ... when i din even say anything to someone ... idiot ... so jealous for wad ... at least he's in our class ... not like some people ... ha1~ so anyway during ce the whole class din do the project so we had like 2 marks minused off ... so irritating cos actually my group did it already ... even though i din do anything ... ha~ and i failed my chinese spelling ... i left half blank ... i 'm dead ... but i 'll just have to retake the spelling lah ... so it wun be much of a problem ... during eng khalis was trying to spread tt hisyam thinks tt zana likes him ... dunno whether it was true ... suddenly hisyam become really pissed ... cos ahmad was making fun of him ... and when i say pissed i mean like really really pissed ... dunno why oso ... den after schol was our chinese oral ... i got so scared ... he was also there taking the time ... tt really help calm me alright ... we should have more orals like tt ... the oral was actually quite simple ... heard shermaine sing the majulah singapura and the spirited away ... awesome is the word ... in the morning they were like smoching already ... hai ... anyway divya wasnt in schol ... we had fre show taday ... there was this public apology thingy where 4 guys apologised to the whole schol ... and this fuJi said " turn into a new leaf " instead of " turn over a new leaf " and the schol started laughing k ... how embarassing ... that tok up our FT contact time ... so den we went to the DnT rom ... dunno how i survived there and how i'm gonna memorise those stuff ... i almost died of boredom ... den we had recess ...i ate so much k ... neded more drink also ... we din have recess with the rest of the level so it was like really to bad ... den we had eng in the com lab ... miss nah asked me if i was feling ok cos i loked troubled ... totally embarassing ... gloria started laughing ... idiot ... den lit. lesson ... tomorrow got test so i had to pay attention ... ms lim told us about the " experiment " she had ... she loked at this lit. teacher 's sec 1 lit bok and this history teacher 's ... one is full of notes ( the lit teacher 's ) and another is blank ( the history teacher 's ) ... that means that i 'm not god at lit i suppose ... and my chinese teacher came !! she wasnt suppose to come ... anyway it was equally boring ... so i studied my geog instead ... den my IPW we did our flash ... had to slow down our names ... it was to fast ... and after schol we were suppose to discuss on our debate ... but we din really ... i think we 're gonna lose ... but i 'm sure the other group wun beat us ... but den again their leader is damn kiasu ... act as if she din wan to be the leader but actually no one chose her except herself ... she 's gonna do all the work ... i 'm sure of that ... this is my first post ... dunno how it 'd end up ... well , anyway, todae i had my english oral presentation ... gloria's also ... she was to soft lah ... pretty scary ... but my frens saids i was okay ... definitely hope so ... before i could even start , miss nah already asked me to tuck in my blouse ... hai~ ... not a very god start huh ... she was asking gloria dunno wad oso during gloria 's presentation ... make ppl more nervous ... den we were trying hard to make gloria laugh some more but hasenah and i ended up getting scolded ... hai~ ... todae we also had our science class test ... not bad ... at least i could do it ... divya neded more tissue during the test ... por thing lah she ... so sick ... some more she 's so busy this wek and she cant se her darling ... hai ... to bad ... this wek is busy busy wek for me oso actually ... loads of stuff to do ... anyway , todae's p.e. wad so boring ... besides the fact tt some ppl also came down ... we did the 5 items thingy ... so boring k ... not bad ... at least i passed all ... ha ... god enough for me ... i have better things to focus on anyway ... den emilla cried cos she was to scared of the standing broad jump ... her phobia she says ... ha ... but at least she should juz try rite ... she cant possibly cry on that day rite ... hai~ ... they dun give points for tt ... during the first eng period we were suppose to read out our soltion for this aunt agony thing ... and sylvianne was laughing at nothing ... so funny ... saying that she use to think choir was a lame cca ... i'll agre with tt ... ha ... jkjk ... everyone was calling henry ... henry loked as though he was gonna kill someone ... ha ... during recess hasenah din bring down her wallet so i had to lend her money ... hai~ ... anyway i cant believe that we have to buy a workbok just to do one chapter ... wasting our money ... anyway we had groupwork ... we were actually fighting for ajit k ... ha ... cos he's smart ... tt's all ... and winston was trying different ways to copy our answers ... ha ... ya ... den some ppl went missing during skill period was not sen again ... to bad ... go so early for wad ?? today we celebrated national day in schol ... some people wore red shirts ... as in the basketballers wore the basketball uniform and the fotballers wore their fotball uniform and some of the others wore their own cca shirts ... there were activities for those who signed up for it and the rest did their own things ... some went back to class ... some supported frens in the canten ... some played basketball ... some watched the singing competition ... since divya and hasenah signed up for the sculpture painting gloria and i went to help ms liz find khalis cos he was supposed to do the hand tattoing competition ... he actually backed out of it and was happily playing with the other guys ... we sat at out side the auditorium and tok pictures of anything we could se ... some kpo people were loking ... den we went inside the class and tok hisyam and akhil using the sticks to fight each other ... lamers ... but anyway we also tok pictures of the rest who were in there ... mission complete ... den we went o the hall and saw divya's fren taufiq and his classmates singing ... the F4 ... ha ... not bad actually ... den we went down to se how hasenah and divya was doing ... ok i guess ... we went back up to the hall and divya's senior pepper sang really well ... the other 2 guys actioned a lot ... people were jering at them ... ha ... divya and hasenah joined us later ... and son we had to line up in the assembly plaza ... saw divya's fren crying ... dunno why ... den we went up the hall again to watch the performance ... it was ok ... but the one with the sec 1 dance club was really crappy ... really nonsense ... later we had prize giving ...of cos i din win anything cos i din join anything ... we also had community singing ... divya was so hyper ... like a mad person ... after everything we watched the band perform ... very nice ... den it was a parents vs teachers soccer match ... but actually there were more students playing ... it was pretty boring actually ... anyway we tok 33 to bugis to eat but ended up taking neoprints instead ... really fun k ... we loked so nice ... den we saw someone with some people ... and also was lilian with emily ... we said hi ... we sent divya to the mrt station and hasenah and i went loking for the bag she wanted ... finally we found one that she liked not very long actually ... so she bought it ... i saw hasenah's junior ... abygail ... but she din se us ... so den anyway we went home ... tok the mrt ... in the morning i had to do my maths homework cos i din bring home my textbok so i din noe the questions ... after tt we were loking at people coming in to schol and we shouted their names ... we found out tt shirong has a brother ... hex ...he was equally nerdy ... those losers ... we also saw imran ... we told him tt gloria likes him ... which was totally crap ... he was smiling but of cos he din believe ... it was so fun ... den we went down for morning assembly ... when we were going back to class we saw lilian and sylvianne running round the schol ... we were like wad nonsense ... ended up they din go down on time so they were punished with a couple of other people ... that also they have to scold ... crap ... den we had geography which the teacher totally action big shot ... she was asking people why their work was the same ...she called me and priscilla ... i gave a stupid face ... priscilla said tt she din noe anything about it ... great actors we all are ... we watched the debate ... really col ..god points and great debating ... henry was the best man ... he shocked the world by asking wad if the pesticides kill us first ... hex ... funny guy ... den it was maths and mdm ong said young lady , ur shirt ... my shirt was tucked out ... so i went to the toilet to tuck in my shirt ... when i came back apparently jerry din take the workshet handed out fo me ... so i asked mdm ong for it ... during recess we made a bet which i won ... ha ... i noe stuff like that to well already ... to bad for the rest ... to bad i din use money ... nonsense ... den it was english and we had spelling ... later azmi presented ... very funny cos he kept repeating the same sentence ... talked crap so it was funny ... den it was music and we had to get into groups ... we realized tt no one wanted to be our group cos they had their own clicks ... unlike the guys who rotated members for every project ... so we had only 4 members ... divya , gloria , hasenah and i ...the same old group ... den it was mother tongue ... my teacher wasn in schol cos she was sick ... to bad ... later it was history ... mrs we is crap ... said hasenah and i copied each others work and got full marks ... tt loser forgot that she actually wrote the answer on the board ... ha ... when i went to schol den only i found out i had guides ... and we had to fall-in in full-u ... juz my day ... it was sort of a blurr cos there were so many people ... hasenah , divya and gloria were not there yet ... i went round asking ppl if they were going for guides ... anyway i msged my sis to bring the uniform for me ... din expect her to do so ... so anyway divya they all were late ... no sense of timing ... hai ~ ... we had to start of with the standing broad jump ... wad the heck ... made me a bit nervous but i did it all the same ... divya and gloria din do tt well though ... hasenah and i did ok ... den the teacher asked hasenah to get the teachers drinks ... so we went to get them ... gave this idiotic teacher a bottle ... she shok her head ... so we went to another teacher and when that idiotic teacher saw , she asked where's her bottle and was staring at us ... apparently she din understand wad we were saying ... as if we din ask her... tt basket ... i thought she teaches chinese but it happens tt she was someone's maths teacher ... but i seriously dun care ... so anyway it started raining ... and we jumped Q for the sit and reach ...tok my chinese teacher's line ... dunno whether the ppl behind were angry or not ... well i could reach 47 cm ... which i can proudly say its an "A" ... haha ... everyone was jealous ... hahaha ... jk only lah ... not the "A" part ... the jealous part ... next was the incline pull up ... i wanted to do last but there were getting more and more ppl ... so i went ahead ... i did 14 ... which is actually ok for a girl ... not the guys ...big advantage ...mdm nora is a great teacher man ... hahah ... den it was the shuttle run ... it was drizzling ... i was sort of afriad it might be slippery ... den we saw winston ... he was queueing again cos he had actually fallen down ... he was complaining tt the girl's one were much easier ... so i told him to be a gay and maybe they might consider ... dun think he'll try though ... ha ... later it was sit ups ... the teacher tok away 7 of mine k ... hai ~ ... so i put the paper into the box ... i had to quickily change and go for guides ... hasenah and gloria skipped it ... so i went alone ... it was only for 1 hour ... so i met them at macs for lunch ... but we ended up in BK ... nice meal ... lousy service ... den we went home ...