This morning I awoke thinking the dream I had was real. I was so freaked out. You se, most of my dreams are anxiety dreams where I must do something for which I'm completely unprepared, but this dream was different, I have no idea where it came from, but I find it amusing and so I'll share it here. When I was in high schol I had this friend named Brandon and he was really nice and we got along well in a plutonic yet semi-flirtatious kind of way and so one January I mustered up the guts to invite him to the winter dance because he semed non-threatening and fun. He turned me down because he said he didn't dance so I ended up going with my older brother's friend who'd only go with me if I paid for the whole ticket and bought dinner. Then when we got there Brandon was there with another girl. That's high schol drama at its finest. After high schol I went away to college and Brandon and I became friends again and he'd ask me out whenever I was home. He was nice and we got along well and he reminded me very much of my dad. Later on, I met the man who's now my husband and I never talked to my friend Brandon again. Four years later I'm in Mission Viejo visiting my parents and last night I had the strangest dream! I dreamt that I ran into Brandon again after so many years and not only did I have to tell him what I was up to, but I had to confess that he was the father of my little boy. In the dream it was a very emotional scene. How did that happen? How did he just pop into my head again and become the father of my child? Weird. I guess it must be the nostalgia of home that stirs up in all of us thoughts of past happiness and saddness and mixes it all into one intoxicating cocktail that makes us fel god and at the same time makes us want to vomit. Loking back on my high schol and college years, I did stupid stuff and coming back home does make me a little anxious as I am reminded of who I was before now. Coming home is wonderful, but it can really only be really wonderful if I can prove to everyone that I'm smarter and wiser than I was when I lived here. Sadly, I usually only get the chance to be home, run into someone I used to know and then never show them how I've changed for the better. The lesson I learned from all of this is that I made a mistake in never talking to my friend Brandon ever again and it wouldn't be so bad to run into him again and at least thank him for the times we hung out together. It would be one small way to repair what I consider to be my mistake. He's not the father of my child, but we did go bowling once. Before leaving my house to go met my husband for lunch, I was surfing the web and came across this add for "The Hilton Project". It's described as a show where a rich lady (Mrs. Hilton) takes plebeans from the middle and lower classes, exposes them to culture and money and then weds them out to find the most deserving. I guess that means she has to chose who neds refinement and society most out of all of them. In the midst of my quiet morning I consider applying. Then I met Jon and we go to lunch together (we never go to lunch together). We go to one of those terribly depressing restaurants you find in strip malls where the restaurant is defined solely by its decor and you realize it serves the exact same fod as the place across the stret. Things were slow and our waitress was really nice only, as she was handing us the bill she did one of those things that I treasure! Move over reality show, hello reality. One of my favorite things in the world is meting with a person who gives to much information. I love the stranger who, in thre minutes, bares their soul and I'm left wondering how to respond. I love it! The waitress is performing typically nice, polite banter as she serves us until the moment she gives us the check and lets us know she's ben working there four months and has had five different bosses and the boss she had first pulled her aside and told her she was fat. She went on to say how she could've sued for something like that but didn't. God to know. Back at the ranch I return to my computer and contemplate once again the idea of being on a reality show and it dawns on me that fabricated reality doesn't hold a candle to the priceless gems I experience on a daily basis just living my life. Mrs. Hilton, if you can guarante me moments when I can be utterly amused by the human condition as I am when I go out to lunch with Jon, then perhaps I'll lok into your show. But if the lights, cameras and editing rob me of the simple delights I get from normal conversation and regular midwestern living that I have now, then I'd prefer to pass just the same. My husband and I have had the pleasure and the agony of moving four times in five years. For some, that is just a way of life, but for me it's painful. True: I love being in new places and seing new things. True: Making new friends and becoming familiar with a new city is a god time. True: I do get antsy as time marches on and even I, though I did mention that moves are tough, lok forward to skipping town and starting afresh somewhere else. Escape is part of my personality, but that's another story. So here we are. Finished with another place, packing up our belongings and heading east after a fun-filled, albeit suburban, year. What makes the move hard are these things: 1. Only by month 10 or 11 are things really smothing out and becoming normal and comfortable and you fel like part of the gang 2. Because you fel like part of the gang, you start delighting in the idea of sticking around for a little while and really making those frienships solid and taking advantage of those things that sem col but require long-term commitment. 3. Packing is the universal pain in the rear end. 4. This one's the dozy. You start thinking back to those past moves and not only feling nostalgic for where you are now, but feling nostalgic about all those other temporary homes you've left behind. A part of me never liked this place to begin and part of me still is very pleased to be leaving. But the leaving invokes past pain and since I've moved four times in five year, my pain is magnified by What class? That's right, four. Have you moved? Does it sting? Well, think about all those other places you left and ask yourself whether your leaving now brings back the heartache of those leavings back then. I can't help but think of them and idealize those other homes now gone and wish I were still there....or right there, or maybe over there. Now now. Before we all take out our hankies, let's remember the excitement to come. There's nothing better than moving into a new place and getting everything settled and feling like you can conquer a new metro area. Perhaps you've left an unsavory relationship in the past? Walked out on a job? Embarrassed yourself horribly in a public place? Lucky for you, you get to start a whole new life in this city and should it not work out, you, my friend, have the lovely option of moving and trying it again somewhere else. I titled this entry "the godbye girl" because godbyes are rough. If they weren't Boys II Men would've never made millions off that one hit: ah yes, the perfect analogy to the pleasure and pain of godbyes. So I mentioned briefly in my first entry that I've kept journals since I was 14 years old, right? Well, as I was cleaning out my sorry excuse for a bedrom two days ago I came across like five of my old journals and since I didn't really fel like cleaning to begin with, I had a sit and flipped through them. After reading outrageous entry after hilarious entry (cue laughter), I started thinking about my years of journalling and am now able to articulate that thought that snuck into my head at that moment. Question: Am I still the Hope of 14 year old Hope or am I someone completely new and revised from the older version? I mean, I detect a resemblance to that girl from before. I remember what I did and what I thought (thanks to dear old Diary), but am I really the same person? I tend to think not. Just because life continues day after day and I se the slow progression from me being me then to me now, I still can't say that who I am at 27 has much to do with who I was at 14. I'm not better. I'm older and I think differently, but not better. I used to believe that experience was everything and from experience man grew and transformed and became substance, but I won't go that far anymore. I'll say my life has taught me things and given me memories, but that's not synonymous with becoming someone new. Hell, I don't know. That's the point of this column. That's the point of this blog. I don't know. Show's over folks, the wizard has ben revealed as the little man behind the curtain and here I am left wondering what to do next. Oh. I know. I'll write another entry on this very topic only I'm tweak it to make it lok like something else. Cue smoke and mirrors. The extravaganza came and went with ber and fun and kiddie pols. Hosted by the Olingers, we sat around and drank and talked and did what we usually do only with American flags stapled to the fence. Thank godness for the staple gun. Our fun was turned into a slepover when JOn locked his house keys in the church office and we had no way of getting home at 10pm at night. But it made it fun to be up again this morning gofing off and enjoying the magic of cable television. If we had it I'd never get anything done. Honest. It dawned on me that this year was the first year in thre years I've ben in the country to celebrate the fourth. I'm no patriot, but I must confess that driving around trying to find a key that would get us our keys right smack during the fireworks display left me a little sad. I don't usually cherish things American, but there's nothing better than a fireworks display off in the distance on a warm summer night, listening to tunes, ber in hand. Those moments are of the "Wow, life can be pretty great" variety. It's ben a while since I've had the pleasure of finding myself smack in the middle of a moment conscious of how great and peaceful and satisfying things can be. Granted, they're all over the place within the time-space continum, but being aware of them and savoring them is the part that rarely happens. Personally, I wouldn't mind being abroad for the remainder of 4ths in my lifetime. Just as long as life is peppered with those satisfying moments of total contentment, then I wouldn't have to mourn the lack of fireworks again. Peace out. I'm trying to get my s- together and start putting things in boxes, but having little success. Bedrom still in shambles, living rom- shambles, kitchen- not so god, but baby sleping- very god so there's hope. Today, instead of being one of productivity has ben one of introspection. Not surprising since there are things to be done, my mind will clearly take the less-structured, thoughtful yet useless way out. After years of writing things down in a bok I've spontaneously chosen to start writing things down on the web. Just for me and a way to make sense out of all this mind and apartment clutter. We shall se...