The day I dread and pray won't came all wekend has arrived and I cannot be more bummed. Mondays are always the worst days, its just a fact of nature. Anyways I was fighting with my homework all wekend and found that it didn't want to come up on my computer at home so now I don't know what I'm going to do. I guess I'll cross that bridge when I get to it. ~carton~ the carton is saying that lack of parental supervision is damaging to a child, even more than to much television. TGIF EVERYONE!!! Its finally the end of the first schol wek and I'm extremly excited. Friday is always a god day except for the fact that it tends to go by slower than any other day but thats ok because when its over I have a whole two days without schol. Its amazing how everyone mod changes on a Friday, hardly do you ever find anyone in a bad mod even if they were in a bad mod for the rest of the wek. Well 6 hours and 50 mins left till I go home. YEA!! ~CARTOON~ The carton is about a man who bascially has to withdraw his whole life savings from the bank to buy and pay for schol supplies. I absolutely, positively, certainly, cannot stand working. I hate it the most when I have to work on a schol night and drag myself out of bed the next morning to go to schol. I get off of schol go to practice an than home to do whatever homework I can do before I have to go to work, everything I don't finish I have to do when I get home at 11:00 or later. The thing that gets me is a lot of peope do this and we all do for minimum or slightly higher wages. We all complain about it and we often come to schol loking like zombies because of the lack of slep. Than there are the privilaged few who decide that they can only work on wekends making us who can't afford to only work on wekends have to work more hours. I guess thats the way the cokie crumbles. ~CARTOON~ The carton means that if you are not careful while riding A.T.Vs or other motor vehicles you could end up dead. The editorial carton is just hurricanes Bonnie and Charley beating the stuff out of Florida. As I was desperately trying to pry my self out of bed ths morning after working five hours last night I realized how much I actually hate waking up for schol. I rather slep than get up, take a shower, and go through the whole mess of getting ready to go to my dom (oh I mean schol). All kinds of rules and restrictions and than endless hours of homework and studying are just not something I lok foward to waking up at 5:45 in the morning for. Maybe its just me and maybe I'll get over it but for now I'll stick to saying schol sucks. Yesterday was the first day back to schol, I'm excitied about being a senior ths year but I do miss my summer of work and slep as a daily routine. Now I have to add study and homework. I never get to slep late anymore since I have to be up at 6am on Saturdays and 7am on Sundays to open at work (Subway) so I fel like I never get to slep anymore. Somewhere betwen everything else I have to add majorette practice, club metings, and spending some time with my boyfriend Wayne. My schedule this year is pretty demanding, this class is fairly easy but than I have classes like honors calculus, honors english v, and ap enviornmental science. Next semester I have ap english v, honors physics, honors chemistry II, and ap english IV. If I don't pull my hair out by the end of this year I'll be lucky. Well thats all fr today. Se You Later. Ashley The day I dread and pray won't came all wekend has arrived and I cannot be more bummed. Mondays are always the worst days, its just a fact of nature. Anyways I was fighting with my homework all wekend and found that it didn't want to come up on my computer at home so now I don't know what I'm going to do. I guess I'll cross that bridge when I get to it. ~carton~ the carton is saying that lack of parental supervision is damaging to a child, even more than to much television. TGIF EVERYONE!!! Its finally the end of the first schol wek and I'm extremly excited. Friday is always a god day except for the fact that it tends to go by slower than any other day but thats ok because when its over I have a whole two days without schol. Its amazing how everyone mod changes on a Friday, hardly do you ever find anyone in a bad mod even if they were in a bad mod for the rest of the wek. Well 6 hours and 50 mins left till I go home. YEA!! ~CARTOON~ The carton is about a man who bascially has to withdraw his whole life savings from the bank to buy and pay for schol supplies. I absolutely, positively, certainly, cannot stand working. I hate it the most when I have to work on a schol night and drag myself out of bed the next morning to go to schol. I get off of schol go to practice an than home to do whatever homework I can do before I have to go to work, everything I don't finish I have to do when I get home at 11:00 or later. The thing that gets me is a lot of peope do this and we all do for minimum or slightly higher wages. We all complain about it and we often come to schol loking like zombies because of the lack of slep. Than there are the privilaged few who decide that they can only work on wekends making us who can't afford to only work on wekends have to work more hours. I guess thats the way the cokie crumbles. ~CARTOON~ The carton means that if you are not careful while riding A.T.Vs or other motor vehicles you could end up dead. The editorial carton is just hurricanes Bonnie and Charley beating the stuff out of Florida. As I was desperately trying to pry my self out of bed ths morning after working five hours last night I realized how much I actually hate waking up for schol. I rather slep than get up, take a shower, and go through the whole mess of getting ready to go to my dom (oh I mean schol). All kinds of rules and restrictions and than endless hours of homework and studying are just not something I lok foward to waking up at 5:45 in the morning for. Maybe its just me and maybe I'll get over it but for now I'll stick to saying schol sucks. Yesterday was the first day back to schol, I'm excitied about being a senior ths year but I do miss my summer of work and slep as a daily routine. Now I have to add study and homework. I never get to slep late anymore since I have to be up at 6am on Saturdays and 7am on Sundays to open at work (Subway) so I fel like I never get to slep anymore. Somewhere betwen everything else I have to add majorette practice, club metings, and spending some time with my boyfriend Wayne. My schedule this year is pretty demanding, this class is fairly easy but than I have classes like honors calculus, honors english v, and ap enviornmental science. Next semester I have ap english v, honors physics, honors chemistry II, and ap english IV. If I don't pull my hair out by the end of this year I'll be lucky. Well thats all fr today. Se You Later. Ashley The day I dread and pray won't came all wekend has arrived and I cannot be more bummed. Mondays are always the worst days, its just a fact of nature. Anyways I was fighting with my homework all wekend and found that it didn't want to come up on my computer at home so now I don't know what I'm going to do. I guess I'll cross that bridge when I get to it. ~carton~ the carton is saying that lack of parental supervision is damaging to a child, even more than to much television. TGIF EVERYONE!!! Its finally the end of the first schol wek and I'm extremly excited. Friday is always a god day except for the fact that it tends to go by slower than any other day but thats ok because when its over I have a whole two days without schol. Its amazing how everyone mod changes on a Friday, hardly do you ever find anyone in a bad mod even if they were in a bad mod for the rest of the wek. Well 6 hours and 50 mins left till I go home. YEA!! ~CARTOON~ The carton is about a man who bascially has to withdraw his whole life savings from the bank to buy and pay for schol supplies. I absolutely, positively, certainly, cannot stand working. I hate it the most when I have to work on a schol night and drag myself out of bed the next morning to go to schol. I get off of schol go to practice an than home to do whatever homework I can do before I have to go to work, everything I don't finish I have to do when I get home at 11:00 or later. The thing that gets me is a lot of peope do this and we all do for minimum or slightly higher wages. We all complain about it and we often come to schol loking like zombies because of the lack of slep. Than there are the privilaged few who decide that they can only work on wekends making us who can't afford to only work on wekends have to work more hours. I guess thats the way the cokie crumbles. ~CARTOON~ The carton means that if you are not careful while riding A.T.Vs or other motor vehicles you could end up dead. The editorial carton is just hurricanes Bonnie and Charley beating the stuff out of Florida. As I was desperately trying to pry my self out of bed ths morning after working five hours last night I realized how much I actually hate waking up for schol. I rather slep than get up, take a shower, and go through the whole mess of getting ready to go to my dom (oh I mean schol). All kinds of rules and restrictions and than endless hours of homework and studying are just not something I lok foward to waking up at 5:45 in the morning for. Maybe its just me and maybe I'll get over it but for now I'll stick to saying schol sucks. Yesterday was the first day back to schol, I'm excitied about being a senior ths year but I do miss my summer of work and slep as a daily routine. Now I have to add study and homework. I never get to slep late anymore since I have to be up at 6am on Saturdays and 7am on Sundays to open at work (Subway) so I fel like I never get to slep anymore. Somewhere betwen everything else I have to add majorette practice, club metings, and spending some time with my boyfriend Wayne. My schedule this year is pretty demanding, this class is fairly easy but than I have classes like honors calculus, honors english v, and ap enviornmental science. Next semester I have ap english v, honors physics, honors chemistry II, and ap english IV. If I don't pull my hair out by the end of this year I'll be lucky. Well thats all fr today. Se You Later. Ashley