Here is a list of my favorite things: 1. My boyfriend, my .5 2. My i-pod Mini 3. Paul Oakenfold 4. Sunny days (especially sunny Friday afternons) 5. US Wekly (a very guilty pleasure) 6. My red & white Nike Shox 7. Orbit pink gum 8. The Louis Vuitton Logo Alma bag (ofcourse, I don't have one yet) 9. Reading in my chair by the window 10. Snorkeling 11. Internet shopping (Its become addictive) 12. Natural Ovens Golden Crunch Low Carb Bread (Its amazing! Tons of fiber, protein, and Omega-3's) 13. Miracle perfume by Lancome(so springy, fresh, leaves a lasting impression) 14. Spicy tuna rolls 15. My flare Seven jeans (Even when I am bloated on Monday mornings, I still lok thin!) 16. Cuticle Oil 17. Heart rate monitors (for running, nothing is better) 18. Sugar fre vanilla non-fat lattes from Starbucks 19. Aveda Self control hair creme (Its the only thing I use) 20. Sunscren (Loking dried up and wrinkled is so not col) 21. October (my favorite month...all the leaves change, its just smells like fall) 22. The smell of lilacs 23. Sunday Brunch (I love egg white omelets with vegetarian sausage) 24. Lip gloss 25. Stilettos (they go with everything!) Some of my NOT so favorite things: 1. Fake designer duds (I fel very strongly about this one, but its a long story) 2. People that think they are so col because their parents have money (hello, if it wasn't for your dad, you would be no one. Why don't you try to do something for yourself...) 3. Partcially hydrogenated anything.... 4. Winter (especially March) 5. Public transportation (I am subjected to the train everyday..I hate it) 6. Suburbia 7. Home Depot 8. Chunky shoes 9. Painted in eye brows 10. Fast fod 11. People that walk really slow in front of me when I am in a hurry (which is most of the time, even if I am not actually in a hurry) 12. Mushroms 13. Monday night sports (I despise fotball and that mentality that goes with it) 14. American Idol (who cares?) 15. People who think the more ber they can drink, the coler they are. 16. Pop music (there are a select few pop songs I like - Toxic by B.S., Outkast, Usher) 17. Pop up ads 18. Sloppy, unorganized people 19. People getting in my personal space 20. Uncomfortable chairs 21. Walgrens People say you can never be to rich, tan or thin. I always thought this was true and also thought you could never have your ducks to much in a row. Recently, my faith has ben tested. I think I have (gasp!) my ducks to much in a row. Everything in my life is to organized, with little rom for flexibility. Everything is in order. Maybe to much order. Sometimes I fel like I get more benefit by actually cleaning the house than I do by having it clean. Along the same lines, I think I get more benefit by arranging my ducks than by just having them all lined up. (If you are not familiar with the whole ducks in a row saying, it basically means having your shit together.)I ned more ducks. I think I ned more challenges. My life is to beautifully simplistic right. Now, for the most part I prefer simplicity. I like meditation time and a clear head, but I guess sometimes you can have to clear of a head. Then you start to invent problems for yourself. You give yourself a mess to figure out. I think I just ned more things to organize. More ways to invest my passions in life. More outlets for my creativity. A busier schedule. Sometimes, when I have to little going on, its hard for me to do anything. But when I have a lot going on, I am forced to kep it all together and really get everything done. Like exam mode in college. Its go time. I ned go time. I am in just ho hum time. I ned to find something productive and fulfilling to spend my time doing. Now, I have plenty of hobbies and lots of stuff I like to do in my fre time (none of which involves going out drinking, or watching pointless mind numbing TV). I want to do something that helps people. Something that leaves my mark in the world. Something that puts all my talents to god use (whatever they may be because I haven't really found all of them yet). I just want to go to bed at night fully satisfied and fulfilled with my existence in the world. Ahhh, continually on the quest for self-actualization. I really really love humanity...So many time during the day I am moved to tears by something beautifully human - An old couple holding hands, a child giggling, the cleaning man in my office working thre jobs for little pay and still smiling. I am touched by humanity, by the god inherent in people. I know a lot of people would argue that humans are not inherently god, as there is a lot of evidence to support this. War, homicide, and abuse have ben around long before civilization was developed. But at the same time, I would think that humans are innately god because the majority of people are nice, god hearted people out in the world just trying to make it, and trying to fed their family and make their mark in the world. I believe some people are inherently bad, but most people, hence, humanity is god. That said, I don't like people. When I get to know someone, when I se their little annoying habits or their toenails or the way they talk with saliva all over their mouth, I don't like them. On a large scale, people are wonderful, mysterious beings, full of life and love. But on a small scale, people are annoying, boring, and lack luster. Now that's not to say I hate everyone. Not true. For example, my boyfriend (of 4 years) is the most amazing person I ever met. And there are a few select other that I have the utmost respect for and could never my admiration. This is why I always have issues voluntering. I always fel the ned, the desire to volunter, to help people, but when I get there and I am helping people who usually don't want the help, I cant help but fel this is wasted time. I want to donate my time to someone who really neds me. Who is better off in this world because of my help. And blind people really pull my heart strings. I just cant imagine what that must be like. Not to se all the beautiful things in this world, and making through a world that relays on your sight to get by. Those people are working harder than anyone just to get around the city. But this all makes me wonder...How can I really love humanity, but not like people? Is this possible? How do I get over people's annoying habits and se in them the human element I find so fascinating? So I am sitting here at working trying not to work but to instead think about my life...how I want to live it, what I ned to change, what I ned to do better, what I am doing fabulously and just how great and shiny my hair loks today. I try very hard to kep my life neat and orderly, you know...like always having my ducks in a row. And for the most part, I do have my ducks in a row, but there are always nagging little things that just don't fit in my life the way I want them to. For intense, my job. Its just some job. Some entry level, the boss always neds to know where you are, please fax this, 9-5 monotony job in a building with hideous gren carpet and disorganized boxes everywhere. So, aside from being totally meaningless and unfufilling, I can atleast wear whatever I want to the office everyday. Which brings me to my obsession. Clothes. Not just clothes, I love shoes and handbags, and jewelry and make-up and scarves and belts, and beach blonde hair. But, clothes will always be my first love. I will always pour over Vogue or Bazar. I will always know when I first fel in love with Manolos or when I first discovered the sexiness of Gucci or how much I loved Carolina Herrera's Fall 2003 collection. But, I am just some working girl with no money for such things. Unfortunately, my clothing trips are basically limited to H&M, Old Navy and Forever 21. But I don't just wear cheap clothes, I basically buy cheap shirts and accessories and buy Citizen or Seven jeans and always a pair of stilettos. But, I have already spent myself into a oblivilon and won't have any money for Fall shopping if I continue on my path. I don't know about your childhod, but mine semed to set a very clear picture of my future. I thought I had no choice in my path in life. It was all laid out for me. There wasnt much rom to grow out of my social class or my parents way of life. It semed, I was domed to middle-class, rural life forever. But somewhere along the way, I realized I wasnt trapped at all. I was totally fre to change the course of my life at any given moment. I have the ability to design my own life. It is my mind's eye that creates my experiences. I am the only one who can design my life. I am not pinned down to any particular path or way of life or thought process. That means, I can come from a little town in the middle of Wisconsin, and end up living a fabously cosmopolition life if I so chose. It is my life. Not my parents, not my pers. I design my life based on my personality and interests. I can do anything! Maybe I want to move to Maine and live in a beautiful white washed house on a private island and wear Ralph Lauren cable knit sweaters at night and have a little red and white sail boat. Totally immerse myself in New England culture. Then maybe I want to move to the south of France and live in a little villa there and buy fresh bread every morning.I can live as many lives as I want, never having to stay the same person or stay in the same place. I can chose any life that is totally different from my little life growing up in middle-class Wisconsin. Thats the beauty of living in this county in this day in age - you create your own life and future totally independently of your past. Maybe I would like to immerse myself in the California culture (that is really where my heart lies. Somehow at birth I was misplaced in Wisconsin, when I have a true California heart). Its amazing to me that I have the ability to chose my destiny. Its just all very exciting. Most people don't end up tapping into this amazing ability. So many of my friends from high schol ended up with out jobs, no college degre, still drinking and doing drugs and wasting away in the same little town they vowed to leave as son as high schol was over. But my life is totally different now then when I was 15. I would never have ben able to se how my life would change and how I would change as well. I am a totally different person and have a totally different life to go with it. I am suddenly hit by an overpowering desire to find meaning in my life. To escape the boredom of the so-called daily grind. How did I get here? To this point where I am just living for wekends. I am so entirely unfulfilled with my job, it makes me depressed. I ned more. I ned adventure. Excitement. I ned to fel fulfilled. I want to be excited in the mornings when I wake up. I want to fel like what I do matters to people. I want to be neded. I want to fel I have a sense of greater purpose. I know a lot of people get to this point and turn to God. I have already ben down that road and just cannot put faith in something that to my reasonable mind does not exist (or at least does not have prof of existing). But that is why there is always a god in every culture. People ned meaning. People ned to fel that they 'toil under the sun' for a greater purpose. All their actions revolve around pleasing a god. Like I have said, I have already ben down that road. I want to find meaning in self-actualization, in expressing myself. I want to find my place in the world. I always get Sunday night fre floating anxiety. I don't know what it is but knowing that I have to go to work on Monday morning always freaks me out. I remember the god old college days where I could slep right through my Monday morning class. Not so anymore. I think the most stressful part of work is the politics. The social games. The always having your work face on. I don't want to live to work, I want to work to live. I want to only work part time, then use the rest of my time for self development. Reading, learning, watching documentaries, going to museums, learning to paint, voluntering, working out, journaling, traveling, practicing yoga, getting peticures. How wonderful would that be. And why not do that? Why stay trapped in the 9-5 mentality. I will not be chained to a mentality or way of life just because everyone else does it or my parents did it. At the end of the day, its my life. And how short and swet it is for certain. This is my time on the planet. I will live it my way. I will not be trapped. I am fre.