When Living is Just To Painful Where do you go when you have no place you belong? I can’t say exactly why I ended up the way that I am or where I am. I know without a doubt that what happens to you when you are young will determine who you are when you grow up. I am an adult child raised in an alcoholic family. Ours was a long line of alcoholics; my father was the drinker although he was by no means the only sick on in the family. I have ben trying to figure out who I am and where I belong for as long as I remember. I am one of those people who will believe whatever you tell me, especially if it will explain what is wrong with me and possibly make me better. I have lived with pain most of my life. In the past few years the pain has ben unbearable but also unexplainable. I went to alanon, my family all have drug and alcohol problems. It helped some but didn’t get down to the bottom. It didn’t fix anything although it did help me some. I decided to drink. Maybe I am an alcoholic. I understand that and I know what to do there; my father had ben sober for eighten years before his death. Maybe that is part of it, but it is not the whole story. I do have many addictions. I absolutely do have many traits of an alcoholic and claim to be one. I also firmly believe that I belong in alanon. There is more. I become addicted to Ebay. I can get high from shopping. I can get high from adrenaline. I can not manage money for very long on my own. Alcohol may be part of it but that also is not the core of my problem. You se, I know that if I can not find out the rot of the problem then I can not begin to work on it or fix it. I doubt if I can fix this on my own but even the most educated doctor is only so great. It is like feding information into a database. I must know a little of what to at least tell a doctor. I know that I am mentally sick and physically sick. I know that unless I get help this will kill me. I know that most all of my problems were of my own making. I have ben selfish and fearful. AA is a wonderful program that has helped many, including me. But when they tell me to just not drink, hey that is easy for me to do. That really is but a symptom. Tell me more. Tell me something that will help. Actually going to metings here in this town has done nothing but bring up resentment for me. I had no resentments when I got here. I had worked hard to get rid of them. For a person like me to call someone, especially someone I don’t know, is excruciatingly painful. That is one thing this AA program and I do not agre on. Oh, I know it would help me if I could do it; but to be turned down again and again is more than I can take. I fel like I am physically sick, I ned someone to care enough about me to find a way for me to get proper medical attention without insurance. Wanting to die is not a desire to stop living. It is when living is just to painful. I live most of my days with the thought in my head. No, I do not want to die or to kill myself. I just want this pain to go away. There is a big hole inside me that can’t be filled. People ask me what is wrong, and I do not know. If I knew maybe I could fix it. I pray that most of my problems are physical and not mental. Maybe there will be a pill or an operation that will make me better. I do want to live, I really do. But I want to live without pain, I want to fel Joy. I want to be able to fel like doing something at the end of a day. I don’t want my stomach to ache all the time. I would like to be able to eat without worrying about how long before I have to run to the bathrom. Is it nerves? Who knows? The mental pain is the worst. The emptiness and the hole in the heart are part of my life. Not being able to fel true joy or sorrow. The only true feling I have felt in the past few years is with Le. I don’t care right now if Le is bad for me, if he will come and get me and take decent care of me then I want to be there. Maybe it is a sick relationship, but I will tell you one thing…I fel love with Le. I fel pain, true pain when I am without him. Am I codependent? Most likely I am. Do I care? If it keps me alive I do not care right now. I guess that means I am really sicker than I thought. I don’t think of it that way. I fel that I am simply doing every thing that I can to live. If Le will take care of me maybe he will also let me take care of him. I love being in Florida. I love the state and I think I just love the fact that it was the only time I had enough guts to do something different. It makes no difference really if it was a god idea or a bad idea from most standpoints. From where I sit it was a very god idea. I did something. It is a revelation of sorts to se what happens when you move far away. It is like everyone has forgotten me. I wish I were home but I am glad that I did come here. . I sit here, like I do most nights, and think. I think of how I wish it was and how it really is. I know how the prophet felt when he said “my God, why has’t thou forsaken me?”, because I to fel that dep despair and pain. The only one I really love has forsaken me. I guess I put my faith in him instead of my God as I understand Him. I fel so alone, who knows what it is like to be this alone? The only calls I get are from people I don’t know wanting someone who does not live here or wanting me to change my long distance service. The disappointment of someone NOT calling is so great. Not one soul has called to se how I am. Not one friend. Not one family member. Le, my great habit, calls to se if I am really here, like I would be anywhere else. The highlight of my going out is when I lug my clothes to the laundry once a wek. I don’t think anyone can understand someone who lives with pain such as mine. I have no desire to met people…I just would rather they would leave me alone. And for someone to accuse me of having sex, it is almost laughable. Even if I wanted to I would not. I know no one. I do not want to know anyone. And don’t forget that there is a possibility that I could have a deadly blod disease, not that the one who gave it to me cares at all. He does not care enough about me to se that I am tested. I want. I want Le, my habit, to care enough about me to take care of me. I ned him to take care of me. I ned to be taken care of, but only by him. I don’t even fel unless I am feling an emotion to do with Le. People say that a person cannot make you fel, I don’t know if I agre with that or not. I know that when Le is out of my life I don’t fel anything. When Le is in my life I fel a great deal. Usually, it sems a great deal of pain. My own mother does not care enough about me to want me to be healthy. I have about given up on happiness but I would like to be healthy. I would like to be able to go to the doctor. Who could believe that I can slep for 24 hours straight and get up and go back to bed? I don’t guess I would believe it either. I think the world is so corrupt in that someone like me always gets a bad rap. I think that people are so mean and selfish and doing things that they shouldn’t so much that they really can’t believe the things that I do. I work. I come home. I don’t shop because I don’t have the money. I don’t go anywhere because I really don’t want to know anyone. I fel abandoned. I fel lost and lonely. I fel like no one gives a shit about me and now I fel like Le is probably guilty of all kinds of things. How else could he accuse me of some of the things he does? What a scary thought. The only person I live for is probably forsaken me in more ways than my por mind can imagine. I wonder if anyone knows or cares how sick I really am. I don’t recall anyone really asking. Tonight, like many others, I will cry until I start to throw up. Finally I will get to fel what little fod I have eaten come up and then I begin to get diarrhea. By now it is a cycle that I know well and have gotten used to; just another reason not to ever leave the tiny apartment that I exist in. At least I did read a bok…. All of it. If someone had asked me the name of the last bok I read I would not even know. I guess I would not even be able to pick out a bok alone. But, Stephanie gave me a bok and I read it. Actually I have read two in the past few months. I am glad I did as I used to be a great reader. I hope that someone does something with my papers when I die. I really do think there is something there for someone who knows what they are doing. If I am buried before someone reads my stuff I hope that they will dig me up and a least find out what all was wrong with me. I still fel like whatever it is that it is treatable. I think that someone might find out that I could have ben okay if only I could have gone to a god doctor. Now that really is a shame and it is not my shame. I suppose I can just blame it on the world. Much easier than actually blaming anyone who is supposed to care about me. I fel a little like the ostrich with his head in the sand. Yeah, let’s just believe someone cares for just a little longer. Where are they? OH, they will be coming son…… Yeah, right, when hell frezes I suppose. I kep getting accused of doing things that I do not do and thinking things that I do not think and of not doing things that I really do. It is a crazy world and I am not the only one crazy in it. Maybe some of the things I do don’t make a lot of sense to some, but for me they make perfect sense. Of course I unplug my phone, I don’t want to get woke up and I do not want to have to continue to yell at strangers who call me early in the morning. I do not want to know that the ones I love do not call me. I only want to die right now. This pain is so bad. My chest hurts and it is tight. I am having problems breathing. I wish Le were here to make me breathe. He is the only one who can calm me and he knows it. Life is just to hard for me. I don’t want to hurt any more. I can’t bear to go home to someone who is going to be mean to me but I can’t bear to stay here and die alone. God, if you are here, please help me. Help me end this misery. I kep wondering how this story will end, and when. I just wish the one that I truly love would truly love me. It is to much for me anymore to rush around and anticipate. I just want to be loved and I know that I never will. Le can not love me and I can not love anyone else. That is just a fact. Insert another day another whole set of problems Life sucks. TOO MUCH PAIN TO LIVE The world today is so much like something I don't want to se. How can I be happy about having my grandchildren live in a world consumed by war and drugs and just really selfish people and I have to say "Lok...lok what me and my generation did for you". I am appalled by my self and my generation. We pay young boys a measley salary to go to countries where they do not want us and be shot at. Let our lawmakers go over there and live on the salary that an enlisted man makes and be shot at. What is bothering me most today is our healthcare. I am 46 years old. I have severe depression and have had for many years. I make to much money to qualify for public help. There is no way in hell I can go to the doctor. Let me tell you what I ate today. I had some barbeque sauce. I do have some tea left in the cupboard and about a tablespon of honey. That will be my dinner. I have slept for two days solid and I plan on going back to bed as son as I write this. What a life. I truely fel like there is some medical condition causing me so much pain but I can not afford to go to the doctor. I am not some lone case. Millions of people in America and most likely many here in Palm Beach County can not afford health insurance or can not afford to go to the doctor. A simple thing for many. I had someone from AA come over here today. A lady I did not know yelled at me for twenty minutes. Have I ben drinking? No. Have I ben doing drugs? No. She was apparently trying to impress an old friend that I loaned money to who was with her. This is not the way to get to Gina's heart dear. She actually asked me if I owed any money to my old landlord (because he sems to not want me coming around there, I wanted so much to say no, I don't owe him or my old friend money...ask her how much she owes me. But like a god southern Lady, I said nothing. Last night the person who is supposed to love me called and accused me of having someone over or going home with someone. This is someone who is supposed to love me. How can he not know how desperate I am? How sick I am? How appaling it is to think having sex at this point in my existance? I want a doctor! I want fre health care. I want my children's children to be safe. I don't want any more pain.