Today was our last Memorial day parade. **tears** Thank godness that it is over. I am so happy. I know that I messed up quite a few times but oh well i smiled as much as i could. i can't believe that i am a senior in marching band and almost a senior in high schol g2g luv ya all specially nate ~Jen Not sure what to say about today, its had its ups and downs. Shrek 2 was an amazing movie. Did you know Greg R. has a part?! And they show a pink thong, i have to say that that part was my favorites. anyways, yeah the storm tonight kinda freaked me out considering i was home alone with my brother. In that dreamy state right now which prohibits me from doing anything. thinking about lots of things but one person in particular. yes nathan. we had such a god time on friday. it was so much fun. great song is playing right now. I could not ask for more by edwin mccain. I love the words it just explains stuff so well. Have you ever found that, where when you hear words that are in songs that it explains your emotions so well. Why can't you just say those or make sure that they get down on paper? never understod that. well going to go to bed i am tired its going to be a long wek. luv always, Jen P.S. I got an early b-day gift. My mommy bought me and a friend tickets to the ballet next wekend I am so excited. Today was kinda col. yeah given worked sucked, but nate came and saw me. Oh my i just realized that our first parade for the season is a wek from monday. We are screwed! Oh well at least we will lok amazing at Macy's. anything ya wanna know just ask. Ok so I am sitting in the library, my damn brother screwed up our computer at home. My mom wasn't watching him while he was on the internet and whatever site he was on totally screwed up the computer to the point where is won't even download virus software. Maybe I will se if I can go over to Nates to use his internet. cause i really don't like being here using this one. ugh....... i don't know what i am going to do being on the computer is like my life. well maybe my dad will let me use his laptop once in a while till we get stuff fixed! well give my cell a call or send an email to me since i can't be on instant messenger. 262-391-0611 or cggggh05@yaho.com anyways g2g i should probably get home so my mom isn't completely worried about me Luv ya always,(except my brother at the moment) Jen I am home finally!!! Yesterday I got home and tok a two hour nap but I was still tired. I went to bed about 11 and got up about 10. I have done basically nothing all day and i haven't even showered yet. I mean its not like i have to be anywhere till later. Pat's party is at 5-??? and I am going to get there about 5:45 stay to about 6:30 and then megan, ben, nate, and I are going to a park and then back to Ben's house to watch a movie and just chill. My legs still hurt and I am so tired so..... Not in the mod to do much. Just wanted to let you know I was home now so you can call the cell. 262-391-0611 Thanks a bunch. Hopefully everyone from my trip got home well and I hope that you had as much fun as me. If you tok pictures give me a ring or an email or im cause my didn't turn out at all and i ned a few. Thanks so much cggggh05@yaho.com 262-391-0611 262-650-1508 AIM: toewalker14 Luv ya always, Jen Hey everyone i have nothing to do so i decided i would write something. tonight is our last night and we have a dance. madison scouts are performing tonight and we get to go watch its going to be quite fun. i am excited. i have made so many god friends here and we have so much fun. its awesome. i am glad that i get to come home tomorrow. friday night is going to be family evening so that i can go to someone's house on saturday night. nate comes home on saturday afternon. i am so excited well i g2g cause we have a picnic to go to. talk to you all later. Luv ya, Jen Hey all i am at my seminar right now. We are all in the lab writing our paper only most of us aren't doing it and we are checking email. The past few days have ben so much fun. I can't believe that it is already wednesday almost evening to. Guess what all my bandos? The madison scouts are here practicing before they leave for the summer. That means that if Greg were doing it then he would be here to. They are performing for us tonight after the talent show is over. Wow we have such an interesting group, and that is to say the least. anywayas this camp has ben so much fun. i have met so many really funny people. one girl reminds me of tasha. like they have the exact same personalites. its quite funny. There are some other people to like one girl from bosnia and one from argentina. its so col all the different types of people here. there is one guy that reminds me of mike fank. his hair is almost the same and he talks really similar. it just makes me laugh. nate is doing well i believe although i missed his second call last night. i can't alk to him tonight cause we have some thing going on till after 10 and then i guess he could still call but oh well. we didn't get to bed till 1:30 last night so tonight is def. going to be earlier we hope. well what else to say. i se that no one else has written any comments please write them cause i will check this the second that i get home. i am excited for the grad partys this wekend. they should be really fun. hehehe. well i should probably get going to godbye from whitewater and i will be home on friday although you can call my cell anytime i have it with me (262)-391-0611 and i will try and leave it on so that it just vibrates otherwise just leave a message. Luv ya all with all my heart, Jen Hope to hear from you all. Definately give the cell a ring. Thanks a bunch! I'm going to be leaving today for Whitewater for a camp that i am going to be in. i will be able to get on computers if ya wanna send me emails and stuff cggggh05@yaho.com or leave me a message here i will probably get it. i am a little nervous about going just because i don't know anyone there and even though i can make friends easily the first few days are going to be hard. i am excited though i think that i am going to have an awesome time. call my cell if ya get a chance 391-0611 you can always leave a message especially if i don't have it turned on. have a god wek everyone and i will se you all on friday. i am feling better about this whole pat and nate thing. i really truely konw now how i fel and no one or nothing is going to change that and i am glad pat that you understand where i am coming from. at least someone does. g2g you guys i haven't even started packing yet ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh Luv ya always, Jen Congrads to all the graduates. You did awesome. we will def. miss you. can't believe that next year i will be doing the same thing def. not ready for that yet! anyways you would all be proud i didn't cry during graduation. not once. ha ha that shows you. anyways just thought i would send out a congrads to all my friends call me if ya wanna talk. Luv ya all more than you will ever know, Jen last night i went and saw harry potter. omg it was so god. the boys are getting cuter and cute (sorry nate and everyone else) i went with ryan and ben and we had a fun time. it made me laugh. anyways graduation is today. i think that i am going to cry my eyes out. ahhh i don't wanna be a senior. as much as i do i don't. well i was going to go get in the shower but grandma got up and got in. damn it. oh well i will wait. i guess i am jsut fed up. at least i am leaving for a wek and i won't have to deal with any of this. that will be so nice. i am excited well i should probably go so i can get everything ready for my shower maybe i will have time to start packing. se whoever at gradution. i am going to give all my friends hugs after. find me after pat cause i have a card for you. you'll get your gift on the 19th. Luv you all so much, Jen Omg today was so not fun at all. i worked 10-6 and at hamville that is a shit long time and on top of that there was nothing to do. which makes it go even longer. nathan is gone for the wek which sucks cause then i can't talk to him at all. that makes me sad. oh well it won't be so bad once i leave for whitewater on sunday. which reminds me i should probably get packing for that one. more things to do. thanks to the people who made comments although i wanna know who a few of those people are. if ya make a comment can ya please leave your name unless your really to chicken to do so. nate i will be writing to you to. i am so excited for whitewater though. its going to be so much fun. hehehe and time away from the family is always always nice. anyways g2g i was just informed that dinner is ready and i am really quite hungry. have a god wekend everyone if i don't write anything although i probably will get to write something over the time i am at whitewater or maybe tomorrow to. Luv ya all (specially nate) hehehe, Jen Ok so today I was talking with mel and she asked me if i still had true felings for Pat. this really hit me hard. since we broke up no one has asked me that. well that got me thinking and all depressed and crap. i guess its a god thing that no one has asked me till now, cause i honestly can't say that i know the answer. i can say however that i know that i truely did love him when we were going out. i can say that i know we won't go out again. i can say that i love having him as a friend. i can say that there will always be that spot in my heart for him that for a while anyways no one will be able to take over... not even you nate. something about him still sticks in my brain and i am not sure what that feling is. i will always love pat just now its in a different way. its friend love. its ex. love we went out for two years!! that is a shit long time in high schol anyways. it really got me thinking and now i don't know what to do. cause yes i do love nate he is an awesome guy but pat is always going to be there to. at least until the right one comes along. aww mel why did you have to ask me that although i must say that i was thinking about it all afternon and you just brought it to my concicous attention. well i g2g please fel fre to make comments to this. luv ya always, Jen Ok so i haven't exactly gotten a chance to write here in a long time but i have ben kinda busy. not really doing much of anything and yet i sem so busy i have ben working a lot and have ben getting really nice pay checks. i may be getting a new job which is always fun i guess. i am trying to play it col and all. i am having a great time with nate. anyways gotta get off the computer because my daddy neds to work. home computer is still not fixed i will write more later Luv always, jen