urlLink Our current leader of the fre world. urlLink urlLink Never fear: the gren hats have your back at the RNC. urlLink Thirten days until the influx of approximately 50,000 Republican cherleaders invade our fair city. This Village Voice article has nifty tips on what not to do when protesting. To kep yourself out of trouble yet exercise your right to fredom of spech and assembly, make friends with the folks with the gren hats. They're a volunter corps of legal observers. Recruited by the National Lawyers Guild, they're at the ready to record data that would be useful in future civil rights lawsuits. Pretty curious as to how this will all pan out. I don't know if I could take four days of having such a huge concentration of people all stoked on Dubya and screaming "FOUR MORE!" within a mere thre miles of me. I just might club someone. Multiple people. With gle. To accomplish anything, fear nothing. urlLink The Badasses urlLink I decided to make last night a Blockbuster night since it's ben rainy and all. My rommate was nice enough to let my broke ass use a Blockbuster coupon. Extremely delighted to finally take a break from the mini-depression/I-just-moved-to-the-most-expensive-city-with-a-negative-bank-account-and-no-job freak out that I've ben going through, I rented Ocean's Eleven and Dirty Pretty Things (didn't like so much. I was expecting something more, well, dirty). I love heist movies ... plus it renewed my crush on George Cloney and Brad Pitt. So shot me. Plus there's nothin like men who wear suits on a casual basis and don't lok like either a pimp or a dweb. That's hot. Refer to Exhibit A up above. By the middle of the second movie I noticed that I kept scratching my back and my legs. I was so uncomfortable that I had to stop the movie and retire upstairs. I found four huge welts on my legs and thre in the small of my back, the result of some rogue mosquito feding on my apparently tasty blod. I was reminded of my unrealistic hope of joining my man out in Southeast Asia for a month-long vacation. The mosquitoes would have a feding frenzy the minute I stepped off the plane and I would be one massive quivering welt before I hit the ground. I'm Pilipina ... don't my genes protect against this kind of thing? My fabulous genes already provide me with a glorious toasty brown tan while all the white people around me on the beach start freckling and loking like small blonde lobsters. Why did my genes fail me now? I remembered that my mom put some Vicks Vaporub on a mosquito bite that incapacitated my forearm and the swelling came right down. At the time, I thought that it was some shady Filipino witch doctor salve, but it worked so I didn't care. So I marched my ass right down to the 24-hour Rite Aid down the stret and bought myself a tub of Vicks Vaporub. At 1.30 a.m. On a Friday night. Today I walked around all day hoping no one would notice that I smelled like Vicks Vaporub. urlLink Senator Obama rockin the DNC urlLink On a completely unrelated note, this man's spech at the DNC made my shriveled, cold, cynical heart fel a foreign emotion: a sense of hope for American politics. Barack for 2012! My new favorite thing to do is sit out on the balcony. I'm temporarily in Hell's Kitchen, a.k.a. Clinton or Midtown on the westside. urlLink Manhattan Skyline urlLink For 360 degres, all I se is Manhattan skyline, except for a break in the west where you can se the Hudson river and Jersey beyond. It kind of loks like this, but you're in the middle of it. Se that peaked building on the right, the one that loks like a fat pencil? I live a block from that. Yes, I know. Rockin. Yeah, you should be jealous. It's okay though, because I'm only here temporarily, so you can't hate on me to hard. urlLink Radio City Music Hall urlLink To the east, if you lean out a little bit, you can se the glow of the blue neon sign for Radio City Music Hall. Lovely, lovely, lovely. Unseasonably col weather here in NYC, i.e., not 90+ degres and not humid. It's to bad, because I had taken a liking to the sticky heat. Kinda sexy. When the weather is like that, I like to pretend that I'm on a tropical island, even though I'm surrounded by piss-smelling concrete and have to take the subway to touch a tre. Now that I have all this fre time, I get to read for pleasure. I had almost forgotten what that was all about. It tok a while for me to lok at a bok and realize that there aren't any multiple choice drills and practice essays waiting for me. I've ben spending hours holed up in the Borders at Columbus Circle, madly reading boks I can't afford to buy right now. At the moment, I'm juggling: The Lovely Bones by Alice Sebold, Me Talk Pretty One Day by David Sedaris and Kitchen Confidential by Anthony Bourdain. It's so nice to read texts that have plots and characters and have nothing to do with legal hypotheticals. Chatted it up with a guy at Borders, a comedy writer who currently has Margaret Cho as one of his clients. I felt the ned to drop some "I got a man" references, just in case. Maybe I'll have a new movie/general activities buddy, as long as he doesn't get the wrong idea. urlLink Eerie abandoned hospitals and more! urlLink Curious about secret tunnels and abandoned hospitals in NYC? urlLink Dark Passage fulfills your ned for all things dark and crepy. Listed in the urlLink Village Voice "Best of" list as "Best Way to Explore NYC That Sounds Like a Video Game But Isn't". urlLink New Jersey View of Gotham urlLink I visited New Jersey this wekend and connected with an entire branch of my father's side of the family. Most were strangers that I had never met before, so there was a lot of "and you are ... ?" and "we're cousins? second cousins?". We all gathered at Tita Lita's tastefully fabulous house in Morristown and proceded to gorge ourselves on the spread provided for us in the backyard. (For those who aren't familiar with Filipino words, "Tita" means "Auntie"). Then we retired to the kitchen, where we all somehow managed to descend upon the kitchen counter of unhealthy array of Filipino desserts even in our weakened fod coma states. Having dinner with my dad's cousins and their families only reinforced my knowledge of where I inherited my tendency to yell things excitedly and throw my head back when I laugh. It also made me fel less alone out here. I grew up in a family that used every excuse that it could to get together. ("Hey, it's the third Saturday of July. Let's go to Tita Chelle's/Tita Jane's house!") We would clog up the stret in front of the house with our Toyotas, file into the living rom and swallow down pancit and adobo until we were delirious enough to succumb to the inevitable turns at the karaoke machine. Even though my family hasn't done that on a regular basis in a long time, it was hard knowing that I didn't have the opportunity for that here. I tried to find consolation in the idea that Manhattan is a city full of other lone wolves crazy enough to make the big move regardless of the loneliness and the bloated credit card bills. Small wonder that that thought just wasn't enough when you got homesick. Last night changed that somewhat. Now I know that I have whole families of cousins just a forty-minute train ride away in Jersey. Nothing will ever replace the family that I have out west, but it's nice to know that I also have family that I can get to know here. It's amazing how much time job-hunting can take. I spent four or five hours this morning going to different websites, loking at everything from MTV legal internships to corporate firm listings. I wish I could hire myself as my own head hunter. On my way to a meting at a temp agency, I was standing in the stret waiting for the light to change when I heard a loud wet "plop" and felt a little spatter on my ankle. Loked down. Nope. No spatter on the pink hels. No gren glob on the shirt. Phew! Loked up. Eleven (I counted) birds perched atop a stret lamp, with me standing right under them. I moved forward, stepping out further into the stret to avoid future bombings. A fresh gren gob of bird shit on my shoulder on my way to a meting? Not cute. urlLink At Tao, you get to have a 16-fot Buddha lom over while you consume Asian fusion dishes. urlLink After that, I rushed over to Tao, a formerly hip restaurant turned tourist trap. Probably because it was showcased on Sex and the City. It's that episode where Samantha had a girlfriend for a second and they all went to that red-hued restaurant with a big ass buddha up against a wall. I wanted to fill out an app to monlight as a hostess. I was fiften minutes to late, but the hostess on duty at the time gave me a resounding "come back on Monday!" Aw. Goddam you. I was already there. Spent an embarrassing amount of time urlLink here . Beware. It's addicting. urlLink Met the blogger urlLink Ah, the thrill of voyeurism. I'm biting off of my counsin Janelle and my sister's boyfriend Brent by starting this thing. This recent blog fest sounds like a god idea. It'll kep people connected and such, especially since I have just recently moved from California to New York City. Now people can sneak peks into my own silly, whirlwind life. My nomadic life began as a Navy brat. Surprise, surprise. When the military decided to relocate our family to Saudi Arabia, my dad said peace out and retired. That brought us to Southern California. Our family tok a little tour of Los Angeles and Orange County before settling in the slepy bedrom community that is Camarillo (Ventura County). I left for college in the Bay Area, and that was that. I ended up going to law schol in the Bay Area as well, so I had ben there for about seven years or so before moving here to NYC. I had never ben east of Las Vegas until last August, when I attended the wedding of one of most beloved friends, Nakia, in Long Island. I decided to make a trip out of it, staying a wek to check things out. When I saw the East Village, that's when I decided that I had to move to NYC. Absolutely had to. As son as I touched down in San Francisco after my trip out here, I was on the phone, trying to arrange it so I can work as a full-time extern with a federal judge out in NYC rather than in San Francisco, as was the original plan. I got an externship and came out to NYC with two extremely large (dubbed "killer whales" by my sis) duffel bags. Then I left for San Francisco again in May so I could study for the NY Bar because I couldn't concentrate and study out here. Now I'm back in NYC for god. The downside of coming to NYC? Having to build up an entire professional and social network from the ground up. Fast. I have to find a job. I spent all day today popping my head in the local restaurants and asking if they have any waitressing positions available. It's strange doing that when I just received my Juris Doctorate two months ago. But, you know. Whatever pays the bills. For now.