Well I am not sure what to say except that today other than the missed cal from Liz is starting out to be a spectacular day! First off, Lucas made my wek yesterday by coming down out of the blue just to se me! he evn had plans with friends back home that evening... I mean he left his work in the middle of the day to drive about an hour or so to come se me. Wow! Dont think anyone has done that before. Plus he is coming down to spend the day with me and my kids today. He really can amaze me. Ok so lets get this dark note out of my day. I dont what the deal is but I was aslep last night and missed a call from Lizzie. She was crying and very upset and I dont ned two guesses to know why! Kevyn. He can be so fun and swet and then such a little ass at the same time. He really enjoys being mean to her and they are the best of friends. She takes him dinner at work everyday, buys him stuff, makes her plans around him, goes to the gay bar because thats the only place he is comfy, etc, etc, basically kisses his ass! Sometimes I wonder if he is using her as a psych experiment? So more drama... yippie! I had strange dream last night that I will go into later, but for now... I am thinkin about a nap! Later Well F*** me! Yes I chose not to be to offensive in writing. HA! The wek strated off ok, but is slowly trying to screw me with out a kiss! Yesterday as I left class to get my kids my car gets this rumbley in its tumbley.... yes I do love poh and probably watch to much! So I head for farm a flet. They are kind enuf to let me know that not only do I ned new breaks, but that I also ne a new sway (stabalizer) bar! I am thinking 'oh shit' about this time. Well I guess it is driveable until the part comes in because it is a dealer only purchase... yippie! Of course I cal mom for the credit card because it is going to cost nearly $500.00 to correct! Ok well the damage is actually less than I was expecting so I am not in a total freak out... how ever it has pretty much determined that I will be moving again so that I can pay my mom back for it in the fall unless some miracle job pops up. LOL! I am so loking forward to finishing schol next July so I can get a job and afford to be human again! Not rich, but dammit.... human at least. So there is this lab job I really want... not my first choice, but I would learn some phlebotomy skills and be doing lab work..... only weird thing about it... wel sperm washing is not on the top of my list for fun.... LOL!!!!! It is in an area I am working towards so it will do ... so lets hope it comes thru for me. I am really tired lately and have decided that tests in the morning are a bad idea for me. I tok my c 6-7 quiz and got a D! F***! Not to happy about that one. This wekend will be a major study wekend and probably little or no internet and phone stuff for me because I also have a major practical coming up next wek to. I must say that I dont think practicals are very practical. hehe. Ok so I am a dork... best known now because its so true. My bf is planning to come down and se me for a bit on Saturday which will be really nice as this has ben a cruddy wek now, and I really ned a hug! Specifically from him. I really like him being around. We have nice conversations and quiet time, watch movies together, play with my kids... and even tho he doesnt care for most seafod he will eat shrimp! YEAH! I am a major seafod fan... btw.. swordfish is excellent even if you dont like fish - very meaty and doesnt taste fishy at all! Lucas is very considerate and makes me fel beautiful, occasionally makes me laugh and has so many great qualities that are important in a man... some girl will be very lucky one day.... that bitch! LMAO! My pal Lizzie didnt come se me at schol today! Sure she skipped class ( with a decent reason), but she didnt think I was important enuf to drive to schol still and hang out with... LOL! Just kidding. I can be a real smart ass. Thats the thing about online... you cant se an expression or hear a tone of voice.. so its very hard to get what someone is saying at times, unless they are just one hell of a writer! I of course am not, but so be it. thi is still an excellent outlet for me and a great sounding board for thoughts that are making me bonkers... which is generally all the time! HA! This afternon I have to call and check on a few apps to se if I am even being considered..... hell maybe I will live in a hut and do the 18th century thing... sems to be the big thing. Ok No way I could do that. Its not the work thats a problem because I hate to just sit, as I will most assuredly fall aslep, but it is the lack of a bathrom and bath! Gotta have em! I dont think killing my own fod would go to well either... just the killing part. I mean I have helped skin a der and prepare the meat, but killing......gbleaqigblerkbv!!!!! There really is no expression to explain it! I think I would have to go with road kill or become a vegan. Se why I ned this diary thing... I have all sorts of stupid shit rattling around in my head ... and this is all day most everyday. Tho I do understand now hwen men say they are thinking of nothing... it is probably the total truth... cause it has happened and honestly, its kind of nice! Bet it would be great to be a guy on occassion however I really do enjoy being a female... lots of things about being a guy would suck to. That is one I could go on forever about! Women have some things so much better, but then men have other things so much better. To be honest in the end I think it equals out. Now that would piss off the womens movewment and lesbians! Sorry gals, but I have right to my opinion! That is what they stod for isnt it? LOL! Everything can be a doub;e edged sword and its all about perspective. Anyway... I gotta hit class finally! glad I had a way to waste some time tho. Later! Ok so I don't have to much to talk about, but I am here anyway. Made a few comments to people on here so we will se if I make any new friends or enemies. Did I say that someone stole my bike over the wekend of the 4th.... that sort of sucks, but I guess it will be one less thing to have to move. The boy was a real pain this morning and has skipped camp once again to come to schol with me. He sems to love micro lecture... tho he hates waiting me to finish labs. LOL! I am very slow and methodical in there so as not to infect my self or others... some of that shit is not god... and frightening to lok at under the scope.... but col as hell! So tonites agenda is to cok dinner, do laundry, talk to my bf as he is back home right now and wont be back till fall... which really kind of sucks. we do have the perfect set up tho... we actually have our own lives and space, with time to miss eachother enuf to have ... well never mind that. We have time to miss eachother. I ned to run as well. You know I am not sure if anyone actually reads these or not. I do some, but not all.... yikes thats a lot of time online I'd say. I have people I chat with and all, but I get sick of it and fel a bit trapped by my comp. Does anyone else fel that way? I fel that way about people to on occassion, but not nearly as often or intensely. So I think my god friend Liz fels left out of my life and I hope that it isnt the case, but with thre kids and a boy friend it makes finding time for her and I very difficult. On top of the fact that I have no money... being a student and all. So going out isn't to easy. You ask... well what about the dad???? LMFAO!! You se when I said I didnt want to try to get back together he didn't handle that all to well so he headed like 3 states away, won't take a parenting class (req. by state for divorce) and sends no money for his kids...and is actually in violation of the min. support order. The state has paid the min. to me since March. Wanna know how much? $75.00 a wek. You would think he could get off his ass and give a shit to pay that little bit! Of course now the state is tracking him down to go to court and he thinks I am after him....LOL! Doesn't he realize that when I knew we couldn't get back together that I had already given up on him??? I just dont have the time or energy to deal with him any longer. Also, they dont have to learn some very disappointing habits and that is worth a lot. Ok so I am now finished on the soap box. Maybe I can just move on now. I think it is bothering me because the court date is the 15th and I have to go again and that means time from class. GGRRRRRR!!!!! So me and Lucas.. well lets say we are both at our peaks and some people are a bit shocked to met a couple like Demi and Ashton. HA! Lucas is pretty god with my kids especially for someone as young as he is and yes he is of age... HAHAHA! Very responsible to, I think he is a decent role model for my kids at this juncture in our lives. He is so swet to all of us. Boy the storm yesterday evening was pretty awesome and a freind sent me a col pick of a rainbow just after. I will put it up son, but I am not on the home comp so it wont do much god to try now. I watched the Butterfly Effect, decent movie actually, I liked it and so did my son. Speaking of which, are all boys the perverbial "mama's boys", because Josh worries me at times. I hope he grows out of it tho so he can get thru life without me always picking up the pcs. Well those sem to be all the thoughts rambling around in my head today so later! Well today has ben god so far and rather productive. Got a few more apps out there and hope to hear something from somewhere... I mean one cant actually be "unemployable" can they? Micro biology is awesome! I absolutely love that class and the labs as well! I could do gram stains all day. I am considering work in that field now... and it has even made DNA interesting to me... but the bacteria are what calls to me. WOW! One amazing world under the microscope. Liz was pissed because I didnt actually mention her in my notes here... so there it is... you have now ben mentioned! LOL! Actually she is part of most of my days so you will get to know her. Do know this... She is very proud of her breasts! HAHAHAHAHAHAHA! Lucas, my bf is almost to god to be true and there is alot there to know about us... so when you hear these names later you know who I am referring to. My kids are all doing camp stuff this summer and are as awesome as they are a pain.... never thought I could se anyone both ways.???? Josh is my oldest and only boy, Lidi is the middle and honestly funnest, most well adjusted of the bunch, and Emma is the youngest... most defiant little cutie pie I know. HA! Not sure if I will ever post pics of them as that kind of makes me nervous. I do have to say that Lidi proudly annnounced the other day while hiking that she does not pe on others only herself! I fell out! Almost ped myself laughing. My dog is officially to old to hike I think... the old sap. I am silly enuf to probably try the wagon next time. hehe. Ok not that silly. I dont have many gripes unless it involves my life so complaining isnt my genre. Just chatting away and maybe make a few friends. Well gotta go collect the animals... and I do mean animals... they are somewhat tame tho. HA! urlLink me and liz on my bday..."oh what a night!" urlLink Ok So I went neur0.com and found it totally amusing, and have friends who have posted a site in other places so I have decided to join the 21st century with the rest of the world. I always knew I would get here, just a little slower than most, to many blonde moments.... and I am not even blonde! HA! So I am thinking eventually I will have a few funny tidbits for you here as I am as student and single mom of thre, there has to be something interesting there... right?!