Read the lastest meting minutes from our Board of Directors. Find out what's on the horizon for CLCB! The Fundraising Committe is working on the Pre-Present-Post details for our big event scheduled September 12th (in addition to having the Resource Bok finished to make available at the event). The purpose of this post is to discuss our ideas and cordinate our efforts to create a timeline for successful planning. The Global Portland "Hope Begins when Fear Ends" Event will be held September 12th. We think this date significant in rembrance of the 9/11 events. The "day after" offers a message of hope to our communities as we come together to foster tolerance and understanding. We would like to have this event at the PSU park blocks, where we'll have performances, speakers, boths and vendors, etc. If you are interested in participating, please let us know! We would like to recruit as many people as possible to make sure this event is a success. Some of the things we'll ned to cordinate are getting sponsors, advertising our event to local community organizations (churches, mosques, and other groups), inviting people to speak at the event, setting up all necessary equipment, etc. To read the event plan logistics, urlLink click here. To read an overview of the event, urlLink click here. The Global Portland Resource Bok will be a compilation/coupon bok of local immigrant, refuge and minority owned businesses. An index of agencies/organizations that serve these communities will also be included. This bok will be a valuable resource that will connect members of our community and help support local businesses. We fel strongly about preserving the CLCB mission in our fundraising efforts. Members involved in this project will be contacting businesses to be featured in this bok, designing and developing the content, then having it published. The first meting of the Global Portland Resource Bok Committe met on Thursday, June 24. The group will be working on a publication/coupon bok of locally owned immigrant, refuge, and minority businesses. Currently, we are considering including the following: Restaurants Grocery Stores Cofe/Tea Stores Bok Stores Music Stores Video Rentals Clothing/Imports Repair Shops Community Centers/Groups Ethnic Festivals If you have ideas for other subjects, please let us know. You can reach this committe by e-mailing GlobalPortland@clcbank.org. We also are aware that Mercy Corps NW has a business directory of immigrant/refuge businesses that have received microloans from them. You can find this list online at http://www.mercycorpsnw.org/directory.php?id=101. PLEASE HELP US OUT! We will be loking to compile resources for finding Portland's hidden treasures. Right now, we know there is a Korean phone bok, Hispanic phone bok, Indian phone bok. Do YOU have a favorite haunt that is locally owned by a minority family? Please let us know! Post comments on this blog or e-mail GlobalPortland@clcbank.org. May 25 Meting Notes Development Committe Click "Comments" section for details VISIT THE GLOBAL PORTLAND WEB SITE... urlLink CLICK HERE! We believe there is alternative to war, a common vision to replace division, a world in which global unity is possible. For that reason, on September 12—in remembrance of September 11 and a celebration of our diversity—CLCB and the PSU Multicultural Center are organizing a large scale one-day event titled" The Global Portland Festival: Hope Begins when Fear Ends ." As members of a multicultural community, we want to promote a equitable, pluralistic society that rejects violence in its many forms. There will be music, fod, and short speches from local community leaders. If share with us these beliefs, CLCB would like to invite you be involved in this event. Please follow the links below to find out how you or your organization can get involved. urlLink CLICK HERE to download a Both Rental Form for your organization. urlLink CLICK HERE to download a Volunter Form . urlLink CLICK HERE to download a Performer Form . For more information about voluntering with us, contact urlLink stephanie@clcbank.org . It's.... The MINUTES FROM LAST NIGHT'S MEETINGGGGGG!!!! Item #1 was the art event-- a smashing success. There were a few things we can improve on next time we do something like this: 1. higher prices/more people/fewer pieces 2. base bids could have ben slightly higher 3. Eric mentioned that we should have finished auctions on random items every 15 minutes or so to avoid the "EBay effect." 4. Better use of first Thursday crowd and better underground promotion (postcards dropped at clubs and galleries) It was a great event all in all, especially considering the relatively small amount of time it tok to prepare it. Fernando's were pleased with every aspect of it. And by the way, everyone still owes Ashly a drink. The last thing we have to do with the event is the thank you notes to our contributing artists: Andy will write the letter, Ashly will prepare names and addresses and forward them to Andy and Marci, Marci will print envelopes, Andy will merge letters with addresses and forward them to Stephanie, and Stephanie will put them on letterhead and print them out. We'll have a stuffing party at my house on Tuesday at 5:30. Ashly will be in charge of inviting volunters to the stuffing party. Is that all right with everyone? This committe is a well-oiled machine. Next item on the agenda: grants and sponsorships. Grant deadlines are coming up in August, so Stephanie and I are going to met again with NECN's ED, John Canda to talk some business, then next Friday July 16th we want to have a board meting to put the partnership in motion. These are exciting times. Next item: 9/12. Things are not as in motion as they ought to be, and we ned to figure a way to set it in motion. Step one is our big ass meting tentatively scheduled for July 17th from 10-2 at the Multicultural Center at PSU, which Ashly and I will be putting together. We ned all volunters to be on the same page and to have clear goal to attain, and that is where we will facilitate that. IN THE MEANTIME, however, I encourage Kayse, Jane, Steph, Faisal, Mary, Marcy, and Steph to get your respective committes together and work out your plans for getting your committes work done by the deadlines as given. Ashly and I will help you with getting new volunters if you ned more people power. But do recruit your friends and be on the lokout for new volunters and get them involved in your committes as you se fit. Refer to the link below in Stephanie's original email for the org chart. Go forth and bring results. By the way, for those who know her and those who don't, Magaly says hello. Andy Volunters and CLCB Friends, Just a few reminders of upcoming metings: TUESDAY, AUGUST 10 Development & 9/12 Event Planning Meting 7:00 PM Vivace Coffehouse NW 23rd Avenue at Pettygrove During this meting, we will be further planning this huge outdor multicultural festival! Come one, come all!! WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 11 Global Portland Festival Planning 6:00 to 8:00 PM PSU Multicultural Center Smith Memorial Student Union SW Montgomery and Broadway 2nd Flor, Rom 228 Global Portland Festival meting for volunters. All are welcome. FRIDAY, AUGUST 13 Public Forum Committe 5:30 to 7:00 PM CLCB Office 319 SW Washington, Suite 301 Portland, Oregon 97204 During this meting, we will be planning the public forums and teach-ins for our Global Portland Festival event, as well as other upcoming forums. New folks are most welcome. SATURDAY, AUGUST 14 Global Portland Planning 10:00 AM to 12:00 PM PSU Multicultural Center Smith Memorial Student Union SW Montgomery and Broadway2nd Flor, Rom 228 Global Portland Festival meting for volunters. All are welcome. TUESDAY, AUGUST 17 Development & 9/12 Event Planning Meting 7:00 PM Vivace Coffehouse NW 23rd Avenue at Pettygrove During this meting, we will be further planning this huge outdor multicultural festival! Come one, come all!! FRIDAY, AUGUST 20 5:30 to 7:00 PM Public Forum Committe CLCB Office 319 SW Washington, Suite 301 Portland, Oregon 97204 During this meting, we will be planning the public forums and teach-ins for our Global Portland Festival event, as well as other upcoming forums. New folks are most welcome. SATURDAY, AUGUST 21 Global Portland Planning 10:00 AM to 12:00 PM PSU Multicultural Center Smith Memorial Student Union SW Montgomery and Broadway 2nd Flor, Rom 228 Global Portland Festival meting for volunters. All are welcome. MONDAY, AUGUST 23 CLCB Board Meting 5:30 to 7:00 PM CLCB Office 319 SW Washington, Suite 301 Portland, Oregon 97204 Regular monthly Board Meting for Community Language and Culture Bank TUESDAY, AUGUST 24 Development & 9/12 Event Planning Meting 7:00 PM Vivace Coffehouse NW 23rd Avenue at Pettygrove During this meting, we will be further planning this huge outdor multicultural festival! Come one, come all!! SATURDAY, AUGUST 28 Global Portland Planning 10:00 AM to 12:00 PM PSU Multicultural Center Smith Memorial Student Union SW Montgomery and Broadway 2nd Flor, Rom 228 Global Portland Festival meting for volunters. All are welcome. TUESDAY, AUGUST 31 Development & 9/12 Event Planning Meting 7:00 PM Vivace Coffehouse NW 23rd Avenue at Pettygrove During this meting, we will be further planning this huge outdor multicultural festival! Come one, come all!! WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 1 Global Portland Planning Meting 5:00 to 9:00 PM PSU Multicultural Center Smith Memorial Student Union SW Montgomery and Broadway 2nd Flor, Rom 228 Global Portland Festival meting for volunters. All are welcome. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 3 Public Forum Committe Meting 5:30 to 7:00 PM CLCB Office 319 SW Washington, Suite 301 Portland, Oregon 97204 Wrap-up for Global Portland Festival and Fall public forums. New folks always welcome WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 8 Global Portland Planning Meting 5:00 to 9:00 PM PSU Multicultural Center Smith Memorial Student Union SW Montgomery and Broadway 2nd Flor, Rom 228 Global Portland Festival meting for volunters. All are welcome. SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 12 ***THE BIG DAY*** Global Portland Festival: Hope Begins when Fear Ends Non to 6:00 PM PSU Park Blocks SATURDAY, August 7th 19/12 Event Entertainment Committe Meting 1:00 PM Met in the PSU Park Blocks, in front of the Millar Library ( urlLink http://www.pdx.edu/map.html urlLink located in 4-D on the map). We will be dicussing performer status updates. I know this time may not work for some of you, so please email me the status of the performers you've contacted so that I can update the group for you. All are welcome to attend this meting.