So I finally gotta se ga! After what? Exactly two months! YAY! So happy! =) Had like the most hilarious moments yesterday playing jits! Haha!! All I do is like fling the thingy!! I suck at it, but it's fun! Had bubble tea! Ahh! My mom is going to kill me!! Yikes! But yeah, I had tons fo fun yesterday! Just seing ga is amazing enough! =) Happiness cannot come from without. It must come from within. So I went to the park with my brother this morning, and i sat there under the sun reading! Read "Ten love series", on relationship. Quite interesting I gotta say. After reading it, I got a lot happier, maybe perhaps I realized that things in the bok is true, and it helped me realize some things. I gotta learn howta love myself in order to be loved. Keke! I'm happy today, even though I didn't go out. But I'm gonig to the gym tomorrow to work out, and going to TO!!! Who ho! Getta finally se Ga!!! AFter two months, finally!!! And might getta se gor!! KEkeke! Gunnahave so much fun this wekend!! I'm so tanned!! Keke! I think i'm toast! =) My life resembles a rollercoaster . Ups and downs. They come unexpectedly, so you never know when you will be up, and when you will be down. I'm sick and tired of this endless ride. It's not fun , and I want to get off. Sometimes, I just don't know why i'm feling down. Trust me, it's not pmsing. It's just everytime I se certain things, or realizes certain things, it makes me upset. Maybe I should stop loking and thinking 'bout it, maybe I'll be better off? But I don't want to. I fel invisible . Today was a better day I guess. Yes, still dreaming, but theres nothing I can do to stop that now can I? Well, went to the gym today..and worked out for a bit! Jaccuzi and steam rom! Man, I fel so refreshed and renewed! Feling better once again. I guess I neded today at the club! Got the meal plan, went grocery shopping. No more junk fod starting today! Going to follow the meal plan for what? thre months I think! I can do this! Yups!! Junk fod is yucky!! I'm very happy tonite! Went to Esther's to do some planning for the skit for VBS! Man, it was so jokes! Belita and I laffed our heads off over coconuts! Haha!! Our sillyness! Po! Everyone's sleping or working on projects cause of summer schol! Can't wait till it's over, so I can actually spend more time with friends! Viv's happy tonight, doesn't happen so often! =) I sem to have forgotten the difference betwen dreams and reality. I slep, and I dream..but when I do, everything sems so real, infact, TOO real. I wake up, not knowing if what I dreamt 'bout really happened or was it just simply a dream that will never come true. Everyday I wake up, hoping that it's all true, but once I regain my consciousness, I know that for a fact, it was JUST a dream. It's funny how things can change so fast. A couple months ago, we were as close can we can be, now? I'm just this girl that takes up to much of your time. Without a doubt, you've changed lots. Maybe it's just your personality. But why can't I stop thinking 'bout it? Why do I care 'bout it so much when you don't even realize how much this is troubling me? Why am I so stupid? I miss talking to you day and night, on the phone or on msn. I want the old you back. Whats the meaning behind the words " True Friends"? Sometmies, we get so mad at our close friend or whatever, and we say we don't care about them anymore and tat they're not worth our time. Is that true? Thats not how I se it. It's cause we still care and love that friend of ours so much that we bother getting mad at little things that they do that bugs you. It's cause you still care 'bout them. If it was just some random person, I probably wouldn't even care if they're about to go screw themselves over. It's cause i care 'bout her, thats why i even bother getting mad at her and getting frustrated at the things she does wrong. It's cause dep down, I still love her very much. Even though after all those not so nice things she's ever done to me, including ditching, lying, rudeness, taking me for granted. I still love her. I had a very nice talk with Jasy yesterday when we were walking to Zehrs to get some fod for the movie nite. And I guess we all go thru something similar like that. Each and every last one of us. It's juss the matter of how to treat this problem and to improve it. Relationships are not one-sided. It takes both to put effort in it. I'm glad I had jasy to talk things out with. Consider we were half talking and half laffing our heads off throughout the convo. I guess i'm glad I moved to Waterlo, it's ben a year since I've moved here. So much has happened, so much have gotten me further in life. So much has helped me grown and mature. I've met so many new friends, and grew to se that theres so many people out there that are willing to care for me, if i juss give them a chance to. I've met friends like Jasy, Jo, Kat, Dora, Tiff, Amanda, Esther, Victoria, and a lot more that i can go on listing. They were there when I was invisible. They helped me through times that I myself cannot bear alone. We've grown to trust each other and help each otherthrough things. Yes, there may be this age gap, but so what? We don't fel it at all. I'm glad that God moved my family to Waterlo, allowing me to met new friends and realize what a true friend really is. I'm so tired right now it's not even phunnie! I' m babysitting the kiddos right now! They fight now and then! But yeah! Myranda was doing my hair, and yeah!! They're watching TV so i'm on the computer. I was watching TV to, but then i fell aslep cuz i was so tired, and i was like slepin sitting there..so my shoulders were like dyin when i woke up! Um...juss bored, but yeah, might met up with Jo and Jasy tomorrow..leavin it to here for now.. I guess retreat wasnt as god as I wanted it to be. But i guess not everything's 'bout me sometimes. I gotta learn that it's not always 'bout myself..but others as well. Gotta start learning to put others in front of myself..to think 'bout Jesus furst, then others, then myself. Retreat was awesometho, even tho i was tired most of the time..cuz of sleping late, i still had tons of fun! But things weren't so great aside from those god things...i'm starting to get skared..starting to fel disappointed...starting to not believe what i should believe. Spechless. But i'm also happy, cuz Alan's my gor again, and it fels just like how it used to be! me very happy 'bout that! Me so tired..went to Abby's house for bbq..and she drove us to TCBY..so fattening, but i ate some.and threw out the rest..but yeah..played cards after..realle phunnie!!!! But now i'm home and tired. So i guess i'll head off to bed now! I love the kids..they'res o kyute..kept on taking pictures with them..cuz they're juss so adorable!! Daniel was misbehaving today..so i hadta yell at him in front of everyone...buh yeah..came home cleaned the house..dead tired..then slept..then yeahhh..karen came..and juss chilling! Joanna and Jasy are coming back tomorrow!!! yipe.....so excited to se them! ANd excited to do skit! heheH!! VBS is AWESOME!! It's so fun! Singspiration and skits with the kids is so much fun! They participate most of the time, making us the leaders fel so god to do all that work for them. It's all worth it in the end! The Monkeys are so kyute! My Coconuts are cute to, but they're not as hyper and active! But that's okay! I absolutely love Stephanie and Janice! They're like my two favorite kids! So kyute, so energetic! I love it! Tok lots of pictures with them! I can't wait till Friday!! When Jo and Jasy and Karen are all going to be here!! It'll be so fun! So many people!! Awesome!!! Where there is pain, I wish you peace and mercy. -Where there is self-doubting, I wish you a renewed confidence in your ability to work through it. -Where there is tiredness, or exhaustion, I wish you understanding, patience, and renewed strength. -Where there is fear, I wish you love, and courage. Home alone..with brothers. Mommy at slep clinic doing testings, and daddy in TO. A bit skared I must say, but what can I do about it? Very bored, cause everyone's offline! =( Wheres gor? Wheres ga? How can they both not be online at the same time? When I ned someone to talk to most. Sigh. Again If when you wake up in the morning, And the hurting is so great, You don't want to get out of bed And face a world of hate. If everything in life goes wrong And nothing you do sems right, You just try a little harder And son you'll se the light. For every person who has put you down And filed your life with pain, You must strive to achieve gretaness And show them you can win. For every disappointment, For the times you are let down, There will be a better moment And your life will turn around. Because everyone fels heartache And everyone fels pain, But only those who have true courage Can get up and try again. -Teal Henderson What the frig man! Holy crap! You're so friggen fake! One day you're like oh! He's so gay, oh blah blah blah, and you say all this crap about him! Now? Like holy crap! You say one thing but does another. You're not the same person I used to know! I don't know you now, and i'm not so sure if I want to know you again or not! You're so FAKE.. You say one thing, but does another. You know how much I hate that? AND, you're like all bitchy 'bout it whenever I say certain things 'bout that person, and now you're like oh!!! This this this..that that that!! Dude, you're screwed man! Get a life! I fel invisible. Friends that ses you when you're invisible are the ones worth trusting. Those friends aren't easy to find. Sometimes, maybe even the people who are closest to you arent trustworthy. I guess I think to much. Go to indepth when I think, making things sems so comlpicated to me even though it can the simpliest thing ever. As each day passes, I learn more things about life. Sometimes, it ends up in disappointment, sometimes it ends up with encouragement. I wonder how I would be, WHO I would be, if certain things in my life that never tok place. Would I still be the same Vivian I am now? I sem to have lost trust in a lot of people, I fel that I can't trust them anymore. I can't tell them things like I used to be able to. They sem to be all changing into a whole new person that I totally don't like. I'm scared, I truly am. I just wanna go back to my invisibleness. Then none can se me, and I can't se anyone. Build myself 4 big walls secluding myself, where I won't fel pain or hurt. Maybe that'll be better for me, and other people. Going to the stupid dentist today, he's going to cry, but whatever, who the hell cares.