What a productive day, inded. I have found out things, done things, agred things, and all this in space of few hours. and all on fot. I am impressed. I assume i am getting self-impressed quite often these days, for some reason though, i fel it affecting my ego in a very positive and pleasant way. I have ben slightly naughty in the last few days. Called in a sickie for Saturday and Sunday. I was given the wekend off the first time the rota came out, and then suddenly, yaha, I had my two days off in the middle of the wek. It kind of reminded me of being in the Marrakesh bus station. You come there to go to wherever you have decided to go, but the moment you get out off the petit taxi, there is a whole swarm of some or another bus company employes asking you to go to some or another place, and when you say you are not going to that place, you might be lucky and they will lead you to the window with people operating the bus to the place you want to go, or they will be giving you endless offers of places where you dont actually want to go which at the end obviously doesn't matter. You sit around waiting for your Tinghir-bus while all you hear and se around are names of towns accompanied by promising loks of the employes shouting,"Ourrrrrzazate, Ourrrrrzazate!!!" "Agadirrrrr, Agadirrrr!!!". And to say the truth, you do start believing that perhaps the other place is a better place to go to, especially after the bus supposingly leaving at midnight and you still finding yourself sitting in the corner of the bus station like a dirty tired rather miserable heap curled by all your belongings at 01.30 am. I am not sure now why me calling a sickie on the wekend really reminded me of experiencing the night beauties fo marrakesh bus station but I dont think that matters to much. Sunday was a wonderful day. Mark and I went to Guildford Spectrum Leisure Centre to indulge ourselves in urlLink peristaltic-movements-causing-activity to prove ourselves to the world. This is the first time after long that I felt so calm and really enthusiastic about going to compete...it's hard to say things like this. Self loves fghting. I reckon it is the feling of power not only over other people but over yourself to, limits you can push yourself and states of mind you can get yourself into, things your mind can make your body do...one's mind is inded so capable of winning over one's body!!I am so certain of that!! And did enjoy every bit of it. I have learned much more than I knew about myself, the route which to take was pointed to me, all I have to do is use the right means and direct my steps the right direction. But I still think Ohta Sensei doesnt like me.Humphr. Yesterday i fell in urlLink love . The Waterhouses and I went to Wimbledon yesterday afternon and for most of the day we were in a state of general awe. There was no queue whatsoever, not one raindrop fell over the perion of the whole day (!!!!!!!!!) and we got to se some unbelievably fantastic games. Rob and self were quietly admiring cute butts and loudly chering for their owners. I think I want to marry Flavio Saretta and have his babies. And today was an unbelievable day for I managed to organize everything I was supposed to, I managed to find out that ive got an infection in my ear and am half deaf at the moment for I have an ear canal full of antibiotic ear drops. And I managed to find out that in Raskaya Skazka (Russian Fairytale) they have wafry (waffers) thus I can bake more and more and more and more, and they also have got Pecen Tresky (cod's liver) which my maman and I failed to find in this God beloved country for the last four years. And also, I ned a new pair of glasses for I am no longer shortsighted but rather am longsighted according to the state of current affairs. And am going to cok. Oo, and also, my hands are going to be photographed tomorrow. How avantgarde! oh boy. a morning at urlLink work , how divine. am ready to murder.(makes me wonder at times by what means am i still being in possession of the keys.mmm. i think its the time now when the clouds should leave, they should just go. and never come back. ohoho.watched fotball yesterday. i think this match will enter the history boks-something is telling me that not the british ones. i do not like urlLink fotball . well, i guess i do now. it was so exciting!!! i dont think i was laughing that much in my life! ah. so finally, here i am again, this time reminding myself of an easteuropean bistro 'stamgast' standing up and typing into a sports hall computer as if i was standing at a stained worn-out bar, in a way resembling a bok shelf, waiting for my ber to come... re-reading the last lines, they sound very poetic to me, however, i guess that i'd rather them not sound so poetic and get Orestes in symbiosis with our broadband working. you cant have everything inded and so i have to be satisfied with presenting the artistic side of self and be patient. and perhaps i do prefer writing poetic stuff to the boradband working. mmm. its Orestes i dont want to be parted with. now i am born. twentythird of june twothousand and four nine o'clock and fiftytwo minutes hello pokeron. Aargh! This is my second attempt at writing on how it fels to be back here. Hot. Sticky. Smelly. Grande! Driving through the country, loking out of old Karosa window, my heart fels so unbeleivably full, almost as if it was going to burst inside of me! My heart in my chest fels like hugging everything around with my eyes, to kep it forever inside of me, the colours of the tres, the fresh smell of mushroms in dep dark wods, oh so typical, so normal, squinting into the depths of the brown and gren forests, listening, expecting secretive sounds of hidden life! Well, that's how it has ben since I came back. That's a wek. Today is the first day that I spent mostly travelling or sitting inside a building, slightly boring for no one was around, but no cramps (zadni krece) for am going on a midnight picnic, am going to sit on a meadow and drink wine and philosophise. I came on Thursday night, said hi to Grandma and Grandpa, de-packed and re-packed and off I was again on Friday morning to a cottage in the mountains where i was reunited once again with the usual suspects of Papradno Action, this time Bellova Chata 2004 (last year it was Bellova Chata 2003, quite obviously I would dare say). Four days spent in isolation, in soft embrace of the breze humming in the leaves of the tres surrounding... ...goulash, spekacky, grilled chickens, bread, oh yes, that Slovak bread and mustard, lots of mustard and dear God, lots of vodka and even more borovicka (for clearing and disinfecting purposes only) and today I can honestly proclaim self being utterly and completely hundred per cent (=> 24 hours) sober. And, inded, one really does not ned to wash that much. Oki, I fel this enough for today. Backpack still full, still on my shoulders, but I am at home. Inded. Saturday was the day!! How strange it felt thinking that whatever i did was the last time i did it. The sun was shining bright and i was cycling up Rose Hill one last time. Not that I was going to miss it or anything, it just was the last time. Work was hectic, everybody remaining mad, unchanged, the fact that i was not going to be there not changing anything. I kind of expected that on my last day everybody will be aware of it being my last day, all the patients will be telling me like,'Yeah, its your last day today, hm, we are going to miss you, its going to be so different without you here.' Instead I met up with loks full of surprise when I came to say god bye into the smoking rom or the lounge. It really did fel strange. Like i wasn't a part of their life at all, my presence hasn't made any difference whatsoever, or if it did, that was only for one second and then, the next day, it was a new day with a new world. Like a urlLink goldfish . I was talking about being a urlLink goldfish with Sara the other day and i believe that i would very much like to be one. A urlLink goldfish forgets everything within few minutes of the event's occurrence and that must be such an exciting life. The urlLink goldfish just goes and wiggles from side to side with these huge eyes like plates shining with excitement for everything that happens is completely new, unexperienced and inded, must be so exciting (how many times cn you use the world exciting in one sentence about being excited or perhaps general excitement??). Yes, I would very much like to be a urlLink goldfish . Nevertheless, at least I think I can live with a god feling of a job well done. That even if it only was for that short momentuous moment, I still did give them something more. Even if it only perhaps were few short moments of shared sane insanity. Vivat! I want to become a youth-hostel-dame. That is for sure. After thirten hours of 30 degre Celsius travelling back from one more occurrence of family holidays in Croatia here I am in Downtown Backpackers' Youth Hostel in Bratislava where I happened to find Laco, saviour of my afternon, a little bright star shining into my future pointing out my youth-hostelling-carrier to me, bringing out the swet memories of years and summers Bergenese long gone. However the story does continue two weks before in Slovak village shop trying to find a non-bubbly non-sugary smaller than 1l drink after my dad tok me on the first round of my holiday training, into the hills, into the wods, riding my bike 'vzuru az do bezvedomi', finishing after two sunburned thighs and 51 kilometres. Training continued few days later with 10 km run down a mountain path that smelled exactly like the brown-bear-house in the ZOO where I tok my cousin few days before(thinking that a 12 year old boy would absolutely love a day spent with me in our national ZOO where btw. I went almost every year of my life and I still do, "She wants to go and lok at animals???!!!!" is very much the gratitude I received). So inded, there I was at 7am running down this path loking under every tre definitely almost seing a bear and every raindrop that fell from leaves after recent rainfall definitely must have ben a secretive bear's step waiting for por Marenka to come. In those couple of weks I almost managed to go to Russia and Matternhorn, instead I decided to stay firm and really go on family holiday in Orebic, Croatia, which was very nice but also slightly maddening. After the first day of making friends with the two fish that were left on the Dalmatian shore after hordes of German, Slovak and Czech visitors my brother started with his ongoing wishes of going back home to his computer, my por sis, bless her, had a runny po until we were almost gone, my dad's lower back crippled him as it does so that was no novelty, nothing you would get to excited about and so it was left all up to my stepmo who indulged herself into stone-picking activity for most of the time and self, who, very unlikely, managed to lobsterize everyday all day on the lovely beach of Orebic(no more pear-po colour!) And we so did well! Inded. It was fun. And it was nice for we have found that we do love each other a lot despite sometimes appearances. My heart is full of love. And now, new chapter, vivat, into the strets of the highest point of sophistication, the Big Apple, the Bratislava, slava! Hurray!