the not to harsh reply: i love you. and when i think about you i get the feling that im gonna regret not being with you. but the thing is that we are so far apart from each other and we only have the 5months we spent together. youre always on my mind and im always thinking about the best solution for this. but time, distance and circumstances are preventing us from being with each other. so what am supposed to do? what are you supposed to do? we cant kep on going like this... i want to be with you. but we cant right now. if you were here beside me all the time it would be the best thing in the world. but how is that supposed to happen? im here and you're there. we're not ready for marriage but I know youre the one I want to marry in the future. so what then? do we wait for each other being miserable all of the time wishing that we can be together? i know its hard....and right now we'd both be giving up a lot of things to be with each other. i cant explain it any other way. i was sincere when i told you that I loved you more than anyone. i was sincere when i told you that i wanted to marry you. i was sincere when i told you that i would work hard for this relationship. so dont make me lok like some selfish asshole who played you for a fol. the truth is that the majority of the work in this relationship falls on me. I TRIED!! I tried for as long as i can. and i wish there was more I could do for the time being...but there isnt. thats why im not asking for forgiveness....IM VERY SORRY....but if i ask you to forgive me then we will be back to the exact place we were before. Being in a relationship that has no substance----its LOVE, I know....but really---how much can you say you love me if you havent sen me for such a long time? how long can i ask you to wait for me? i love you....and thats why this is so hard. i wish i can make time go faster so that we can be with each other again. but i cant do that.....and the alternative is that we are TOGETHER only as a technicality. and thats not fair for you and me. so please try to understand where im coming from. i want to be with you. but being apart for so long is only hurting us both. so move on if you want to. i'll always kep you in my heart...but I will not ask you to wait for me. its not fair for you. urlLink this is me...after a bottle of lambanog during my birthday celebration...but it was fun though. urlLink I fel bored! I didn't go to schol today cause I fel sick. My tonsilitis is ailing me and my clogged nose is irritating. I'm beginning to lose my hearing and I sound like a barking dog when I cough. With my harelip like voice which adds up to my illness...how can I possibly do all my tasks? I was suppose to go to Manila earlier but I'm not done editing the video, which is I guess due last wek. I was very lazy and unefficient lately...so I guess I have to move my ass and get myself into action! I'm giving myself one more day to finish editing this project. Then after that I have to move on to other 2-3 more projects. I think I'm getting caught up to things that aren't that important. I just can't prevent myself from having a little fun. I'd go crazy if I did! Besides, I really do ned that after all that happened to my damned life...which is not so damned anymore. So since I'm done with the vile stage of my life. I think it's possible now to lessen that little parties on the side, and focus more on building my empire. I think I kinda neglected that part of my life, cause of some misleading incidents that happened to me...I almost forgot to hold onto myself. I woke up and started my day early...for a god beginning. I've finished atleast one task this time of the day (11:40am)...but still there's so much to do. The aftermath of my being obssessive compulsiveness is taking effect. I've got piled up with projects that I should have done editing a long time ago. But I chose to work under pressure---it won't do any god, believe me. Well, so far that's minus one from my list...here's some more that I should carry through: attention loser! 1. Finish Derick Reception 2. Burn vcds for Odette 3. buy mom's meds 4. update my livejournal/blog (I just did!---so that's minus 2 from my list) 5. 1 god ded for the day!---it wont hurt! I wrote my boyfriend this letter...cause I think I can't handle it anymore. I wish I can make it more abrasive: Hi paulo! I just wanna clear things up betwen us. I se you dont wanna do it, so let me be the one to do it. ano ba talaga ginawa ko sayo?! ako'y sobrang nasasaktan na...gusto ko nang tigilan ito...you told me to wait til you get to Japan. Now what?! I think you dont really wanna explain yourself. Wag na lang natin itoloy ito. I love you, but I think it's not enough to kep our relationship. Well, I guess I did my part and you did yours. Hanggang dito na lang siguro tayo. I don't know if we'll se each other again, maybe we will, but I dont know what god it would do for the both of us. I just wanna stop thinking about this. Cause I fel like you've left me here hanging. God thing I have my friends to back me up...and I'm very thankful to have them around. I've never thought I'd met somebody so selfish like you. I think you're right, I guess I really am to god for you. I hate to do this but I guess I have to break it up. Thanks for making me fel loved atleast even for a while...or for making me think that I am loved. Take care...so I guess you're my mahal no more. God luck in everything you do. urlLink the happy days... urlLink " method="post"> urlLink Undies LJ Username Your Undies Who will se you in them ogonzo Who wants to se you in them myladyofsongs Who will steal them teflondoc This urlLink QuickKwiz by urlLink lovely_mouse - Taken 55756 Times. New! Get Fre urlLink Daily Horoscopes from Kwiz.Biz I woke up late yesterday, so I wasn't able to make it to schol on time. wah! And there's a penalty of Php10.00 if you came late...They are getting richer cause of me...and my sister, who's currently still in her bed...Making some more slep. I'm taking up reflexology class with my sister...and everytime I'm late or absent, she'd be like that to.....we're like siamese twins, and I'm liking it. I mean I haven't ben this close to my sister. I'm having a lot of fun with her now than before when she used to pick on me or me picking on her. hehehe...we really are getting older. Anyway, after schol I went to met my friend Tonette, cause she neds a model for her makeup demo. We just had lunch and had a little chat, about what I like to call as my "contemporary despair"...hehehe which is no more! Well, I can't really say that I don't worry about it anymore but there just a gist in me telling me to go and move on. Tonette told me to just be the best woman I wanna be...and I guess she's right about it. Can't just stay as the cynical bitch I am. Then we moved on to her work...she made a lil discussion about personality development and about being beautiful, with this group of medical people of MMG. Then later on, she did her makeup demo. This was my second time, and she's a colleague so I guess it wasn't that hard. In fact everybody in the audience were having fun. hehehe. After a few hours of talking, her discussion was finally over. Then we went back to her office and afterwards we went to SM to met the 3rd member of the power puff girls...hehehe, that's how I'd call our group. here's the update: so after being the biggest drama quen the other day...I came to realize that I really should move on. Some friends eluminated me with their criticism about my situation. I went out with my friends last night...A total girl's night out...Well, we didn't go to bar and got drunk. It's just a simple dinner with my girls and we talked about a lot of things. Well, mainly about this guy who've ben hanging around with me whom I chose to ignore cause I didn't wanna focus my attention to how he fels. Consider it denial...call it whatever you want, but I'm just outside loking in...There would never be a chance for us...cause first of all, I didn't wanna lok at it that way. He's ben so nice to me and I believe there's really nothing more to expect. And I didn't wanna expect anything from him...as he can't expect anything from me. Third whels never really make it...hehehe. Unless of course they have better directions. (?) after that girls night out, I went back home and went online. I wasn't expecting that my boyfriend would go online to. At first I ignored it cause I thought it's somebody else who went online cause he's not using his real name, like he usually do. Then suddenly he said HI!...then of course I said HI to. I wasn't able to save our conversation, but one thing for sure...he's making sure of things. Which doesn't sound so god to me. He doesn't wanna ask for another chance, neither he wanted me to wait for him. So I guess I'm a fre woman now. Cause I told him, I have to make my own decisions...I can't wait for him and get my life stuck into something unsure. I'm just doin what I think is right and unselfish....just like what I wanted him to do. In the end he asked me about my felings about all of this. And I said I don't fel anything, all I know is that I am happy. You know what he said? he said I'm not happy....but I will be. Then I said god luck! You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are domed if you don't try. -- Beverly Sills I've ben glomy lately...though I never stopped laughing around other people, I know I still have that thing inside my heart. As the day pass by, I know I have to move on. I'm beginning to think that there is no more "US" word that exist in my vocabulary. My next step, is to impart with my contemporary despair. What I really wanna do is to continue living my life with that same perspective---to make my family happy. I think I've ben ignoring them for a while. So I guess I have to give them back my attention. Enough about that silly love song I've ben singing for a while...gotta catch the waves and se where it would carry me. And so it carries me to something more profound and unselfish. I'm rustling the wave to never let me go. I don't wanna be like a mutinous sailor maroned in an island. I don't know when I'm gonna be saved...or if I'll ever be. The anuptophobic idea doesn't scare me anymore. It was all fresh and new. My anguish was soiled and my hilarity to what happened blossomed. It is drawing near to shut its dor...When it would open? I don't know. urlLink be-day gurl urlLink I am very unpredictable even to myself. I like having fun. I kep on convincing myself that I belong to the female gender. I laugh a lot, more than the usual I think...yeah I'm crazy. Sometimes, I wish I'm a bit tougher. I am cynophobic, acrophobic, paralipophobic...chronic, demonic, electronic, frolic....colic? urlLink moe!!! urlLink