yeah ok i woke up with my tv on after falling aslep with it on... and fell black aslep and around 9:00 i woke up again to find that my tv was off! so i turned it on and watched a little which eating cadbury mini eggs. blah no one is home right now but i think aime is still sleping and i am bored.. its a very very sunny day today which is great. i think i will play tony hawk underground or just find something to eat or something.. oh well i have the whole day what to decide.. blah this is boring and im still typing and yeah i ned to go pe...... just came back from peing and yeah im am still bored and i am saying what im writing is like the most boing thing.. i am in my brothers rom right now and i can hear the birds chirping in the lemon tre just outside the window.. i se birds flying over the rof tops of my wrecked neighborhod along with the tall palm tre that are very distant away.. i just started staring everywhere reading everything i se, "main" "nokia" "logitech" "warner bros" "multigraph" all nonsense that does not concern me. this is stupid and the things i am typing is stupid. Lately the whole thing has ben the same.. .same routine: wake up, schol, homework, bed, wekend... yeah i am real bored like always.. living this dull life. even if you se me and it loks like im having a great time, im not.. like i go somewhere and i lok at something, i just dont care, just leave it there.. i have something missing in my life. and i dont know yet.. maybe i do but im just afraid to go and get it. something is stopping me.. no one takes me seriously anymore... its hard to change my image or not be me for a day, without breaking the silence. seriousness in me, no one will se. i guess im just the funny stupid one who had no feling at all.. im indifferent, apathetic, no emotion. life has to much drama that i just want to put aside and se the world how it is.. maybe this is the real world and it is all this bullshit. i know i sound like a television but yeah sometimes i think ill wake up but i know i wont. this dream is something i cannot escape. here i am listening to my music talking about something that no one will ever hear me say.. there will read this and say, this is not chris, or chris dont sound like this... my life is is dead already, but im still living It's 2:14 so I guess this counts as a new day. Well "yesterday" was a shorted day. Andro and me went around Eagle Rock and I discovered some roads that I haven't ben on before. So yeah. I hate my love life right now. I mean I kep thinking I have this chance with this girl, but she flirts with every guy. So I dont know what to think anymore. And I'm saying after all the signals I've got from her, she shouldn't be doing that, unless we just have a friendly bond as friends. It's just confusing because sometimes she would say "I love you," but then she doesn't act like it. I know she trust me to go with her places, to do things for her, and other stuff. Maybe shes just using me as a bitch or something. I mean I do love her. I tried telling her that through a CD I made her, but it only lasted a little while. I have come to the conclusion that she doesn't like me. If you like someone you would have respect for them. Though she has no respect for me. She punces me, hits me, socks me, hurts me. I guess I shouldn't even try next time. I was aslep awhile ago and she IMed me and said, "your ignoring me on purpose." I am so glad I was aslep, I don't want to be apart of her games anymore. I am just going to stop liking her someway or another. I won't stare at her anymore in math class or anything, won't laugh at her jokes even though it might be funny, or I won't do anything. Today was a god day. i am starting to se the world again for what it was to me before. No more drama, just fun and sunshine. Yes the sun arose from the dead and gave me everlasting heat today. I kept sticking arm and head out the window on the cardrive home. Well yeah, i wish schol can be like today. And i have decided i am going to wear my shorts to schol tomorrow. :D Today was the day after the mercury incident. A student of the eight grade brought with him some mercury to schol with him in the morning. Little did he know that people can die of mercury if shallowed and other things. In my second period, a classmate of mine had found some mercury on the flor. My science teacher said to sit away and immediately called the attendence office. From the science class, we had to move up to the fotball field and continue our work there, while the rom get clean. i have touched some of the mercury but hadnt taken any with me to any classes. but yeah i could be poisoned. after i learned what mercury could do to a person, i started worrying. though my other teachers said that you can only get affected if you drank lots of amounts of it. wot thank godness.. well that day, the liberal arts building in the schol was shut down due to mercury in the classrom and hallways. Today, classes in the rom, like mine, would had to go to the library where we would stay far away from the poisonous substance. In the library for science, some guy came in and asked us if we were wearing the same shoes as yesterday. i said yes with a couple of other people and we had to get our shoes inspected for mercury.. man we had a lot of mercury on our shoes. they had this device that measured the mercury, kinda like a metal detector. if a student had a lot, they would have to get their shoes cleaned. blah blah.. i had my shoes cleaned and it tok a long time. i missed nutrition, but i managed to get some fod.. wot. well today i socked jonathan on the head which felt real god. i gave him a god bleding on the leg with a kick which made me really happy. and yeah things with me and reina havent ben going well. well she socked me today and i didnt want to talk to her at all. that way she would know i am trying to be serious and that i dont like her socking me. i dunno. well yeah im bored.. blah blah I have realize something better doing, than making people lok stupid with their own words. Making people smile, with my words, gifts, actions, and more, are better than that. Knowing that someone is having a god time in their life because I have ben there. I try to do god deds for friends, and be romantic for her. and I do. And when I do, I get a smile. There are some things in life living for, and this is one of it. Others are like; family; friends; and some, I did not discover yet. Give kind, and recieve it. Thats why I'm saying now-a-days. No one likes to be punched out of respect from the person. Everyone wants respect even if you deny it. Though me, people know be as out-going, and sometimes miss my respect by a mile and think I don't care about what they say. I have tried to change the wt I go about things, comment things, use things, but I always fail and go back to the same me. Maybe there is no change me, unless I have to discover more life lessons to change my ways. I don't know if this idea of making people smile will ever stick with me. I mean people have their mods and I know I have em. I have a schol mod which is my out-going-kind-of-person, and then there is my life lessons, I'm so in love, lets write in a journal person. And when both mods cross, its kinda weird. And I have sen it ben weird by the comments I GET from people. Well yeah. I was talking to her today and she said she would come to my house on monday, which is tomorrow. I told her i wanted to met her at the bottom of the hill instead. Though the subject changed quick. It came back up again. I asked her what she was doing tomorrow, and she said her friend was gonna come over. She asked me why i asked, and I said i wanted to take a walk with her. And then it happened. She said she would blow off her friend and come with me. But i know her for a long time and still i dont even know if she was joking or not. I mean she signed off right in my face without us finishing our conversation. I am kinda having a feling that something god might come. But these felings come up to often and they pass to quick. So i dont even know what to believe anymore. Like I said, she flirts with everyone. Though i dont think she even likes me, ANYMORE. We used to be so so so so close together. Like as if we were bf and gf. It didnt even matter if it wasn't the real thing, it was life the real thing, though no one has to get the permission to break away. Im just wasting my life dedicating time to someone who won't do the same thing back. Well i can wait till tomorrow, or should i mean today.. it is 1:39, which means it is monday. Ill call her in the morning and se what comes up. I really want to be alone with her, just for at least 30 minutes, that is NOT at schol rounds. hand out. yenno what i mean. i mean i only se her during schol, so this is my chance. I have a while wek, the whole spring break to dig, or do something, and find out the facts i ned to come to my last conclusion. Today I woke up with the sun shining into my rom. It felt great and it is very rare that the sun would be up in 6 o'clock in the morning. Though it was a hot day, today was pretty col. Justine does like the touching. HAHA. I knew it. Shes a horny. Today during lunch, I got a little crazy with my shoulder action. I went to Chris Epps house and Darwin came. We had fun playing basketball and baseball, then we went to Kurt's house across the stret. Kurt is getting a swimming pol which is very col. If I had lighter skin, I would swim a lot. Though me in water for a long period of time equals dark dark. I want to make a website, but its so hard finding a website. Websites are fun to make. And aww shit. I just forgot about the contest on shadowness. FUCK. The winner gets a year long account of uploading anything like music, html files, and all kinds of shit. Man the dead line was on CINCO DE MAYO. Damn Mexican destractions. Yeah I can last without her. And yet, people now know of my "angry" side. If you do something to me, I will take my revenge. I didn't mind them taking my wallet and playing monkey in the middle, but loking in it, supposively taking my money, and dropping the contents of it really got me pissed. I was never god at saying sorry, and I'm still not. So I guess I'll just let this problem hang. Her and her buddies in math are so immature. I mean I do jokes and stuff, but saying nipple out loud in math class isn't really funny. They are like the only ones laughing. Lately I'm just trying to get the respect of people. I got a lot of respect right now, but there are still a lot of people who just think they can boss me around because I play along with comments, or being very quiet. Having multiple personalites are a tuffy. . . . I once said, that her last impression was bad, but little did I know, it wasn't. I thought that me, Christopher Paguio, would have to wait all the way to next schol year to hear her beautiful voice. She calls me, and even though I don't pick up, she takes the time to leave a message. A message that made me smile, a real smile, a smile that I haven't had since schol ended. . . . In the past, I said to myself, that I would never fall for her again. It's just impossible to not do that. Just to take this chance everytime with her is worth it, even though the outcome may not be the best. She broke my hearts many time with her flirt-a-licous personality, and I always hid my jealousy. But now it's different. Schol is over, and seing her through the summer can put away her seductive words closed, but open to me. I think I am to emo for life. I am just sitting here listening to the Copeland soundtrack, thinking about me in the future. Just a while ago I was thinking that I would never want to grow up. Like I mean I've ben thinking about me, living without my parents money. I would be worrying about those taxes, those payments, those responsibilities. Well, part of me is saying that I shouldn't be worrying about whats in the future, and I should be concentrating on the present. And the other part of me, is just, afraid. I don't know. to much drama in my life. To many heartbreaks. I love emotions, and emotions love me. I just don't know what to do. I want to master life, I want the best out of life. I am afraid of dying. I afraid of where I will go after I die. I wonder to myself if I am doing god, or bad. I want to do god. hmm. maybe I should think this whole thing over. til next time. Hmm.. Sad topic is: Break Up My sister's boyfriend broke up with her yesterday. Of course she really loved him. I thought he was col. He came over to our house once in a while, and even came to church with us. He bonded god with our family. I hate to se my sister cry. I mean yeah you know you don't like to se a family member of yours cry. I knew she felt bad and she didnt go to schol that day. I wanted to cher her up, but i didn't know what to say. she will find a new boyfriend, we all know it.