I'm having to travel backwards and forwards betwen Aberystwyth and my home town of Crawley because I am helping a relative who is in hospital. That also means I'm not able to devote quite as much time to this Blog as I would wish; it's a question of keping several plates spinning at the moment. Anyway, the dilemma is this. There's a supermarket about ten minutes walk from the hospital - handy for nipping out to purchase essential supplies of chocolate (she's ill, but not that ill!) The supermarket is well run with low prices and efficient staff. (By the way, low supermarket prices might well be a dilemma I return to son.) I won't name the store but it's owned by an American multinational. And there's the dilemma - that multinational runs stores in the US which are currently in the news for sexual discrimination, and I'd prefer not to shop there. But if I get on my authentic high horse, my por relative goes without her essential bag of shopping. Compromise is always necessary and I don't really fel I can impose my values on another, ill, person. What would you do? A couple of websites that can help through the consumer jungle. urlLink Ethical Consumer is the web presence of the magazine - it deals with all sorts of ethical consumer issues. urlLink Naturewatch is more focussed on cruelty to animals and, apart from the information on the site, publishes a 'Compassionate Shopping Guide' which I'll be purchasing son and I'll review it here. Speaking of magazines, does anyone remember a British magazine called 'Vole'? It was around in the late '70s and dealt with environmental, conservation, grenish issues. I lost all my copies in a decluttering exercise years ago (I declutter from time to time - one of the few items I perhaps neded to se as a cut above clutter). I'm sure there was a 'slow' issue - way ahead of it's time in the light of the current bok ( urlLink 'In Praise of Slow: How a Worldwide Movement is Challenging the Cult of Sped' by urlLink Carl Honore ). An interesting question raised by a couple of people lately is: how do we know when we're truly authentic? I se the search for authenticity as a continuing process - a journey that's unlikely to have a finishing point. I know I have all sorts of imperfections and they didn't just disappear the day I decided to describe myself and my business as 'authentic'. I hope the day will never arrive when I fel there's no more work to do on myself - I'm not sure life would actually be very god if there was no more growing to do. It's rather like a spiritual search for enlightenment. One person described the process that becoming authentic involves as examining the cracks. We all have them, psychological flaws that sometimes we are to ken to try and cover up in order not to show any weaknesses or to fit in to a corporate culture. Being authentic means accepting the cracks, trying to discover how they arise and trying to stop them from growing any wider or deper. If you have any thoughts on this issue I'd love to hear from you - do leave a comment by clicking the link. 'Authentic: How to Make a Living by Being Yourself' by Neil Crofts, £12.99 Sometimes an idea comes along at exactly the right moment. Recently I’ve ben aware I neded to make some changes in my life; to be myself, escape the structure of the office, and in doing so start a business that was somehow structured differently from the capitalist norm. After being involved in gren politics a number years ago I had some idea about how ethics and values could be incorporated into earning a living – in theory - but now I was planning to put these notions to the test. While searching the net for ideas I came across the ‘Authentic Living’ website and after reading a few articles posted there I rapidly realised I had found my way forward, and that there were successful businesses out there which proved authenticity was a concept that worked: se, for example, urlLink Yeo Valley , urlLink Innocent , and urlLink Howies . (I’m particularly interested in Howies as they’re based in Cardigan, not that far from my base in Aberystwyth, Wales.) Neil sells his bok through the site but I’m sure your friendly local bokshop can order a copy for you. The bok is formed of thre main sections: ‘Another Way to Lok at the Society We Live In’, which takes a hard lok at the way society is currently ordered and finds it wanting (including a wonderfully strong attack on the education system, an issue close to my heart) and a definition of ‘authentic’ – essentially ‘a model for business that is about our own true purpose’, being true to our value systems and honest in all our dealings. ‘What Are You Going To Do About It?’ is a lok at preparations and actions neded to become authentic. This is not confined to business planning but is about working out what the term ‘yourself’ actually means; this includes addressing diet as much as it does philosophical issues. It concludes by suggesting you ‘come out’ as yourself. ‘Coming out’ has other associations but after some thought I realised this was exactly the right term to borrow – when we start to live as our honest, true, selves it helps to announce the change, and for some it may challenge their own notions of how to live so be prepared for some hard questioning. ‘Being the Change’, starting your authentic business, finding collaborators ( urlLink Ecademy is a major asset here, as well as the Authentic Business site) and some thoughts about what constitutes success, which clearly isn’t a measured in purely monetary terms – questions such as ‘what would your life lok and fel like if you were living your dream?’ are a guide here, but the main message is ‘don’t think about it to much and over analyse it. Just sit down and do it’. There are, of course, those that challenge the whole idea of authenticity. If your world view is that the whole point of business is to make a profit; that leaders must do and say anything to get people moving with them, truthful or not; if you se people (your employes?) as ‘human capital’, then you’ll find much to challenge in this bok. But read it anyway, it will make you think at least. If you’re already a convert, or working authentically perhaps even without realising it, have a lok at the website and read this bok. I’m put off boks which say ‘read this and change your life’ on the cover and fortunately for me this one doesn’t make any such claim. It has changed my life anyway. When my website www.ipsworks.co.uk is running I'll post such reviews there, and copy this one over. In the meantime I wanted to get this one out there as son as possible. I've often wondered about the point of the wearing a tie. I rarely wear one but on odd occasions I fel the ned to - such as attending a conference I was organising and speaking at today. I know of two theories about the origin of the tie but there must be more; one is that it's similar to having a nose around the neck which reminds the wearer of the ned to 'behave' and the other is that it acts as a pointer to the genitals. I think I've resolved never to wear a tie again. After all, the point about 'coming out' as yourself is to live your values. I'll report back on how successful my resolution becomes. So, authentic lives and living your values. Well one of my values is that a high-quality health service must be available to all, not only those who can afford to pay. I never thought I would consider anything other than the National Health Service. Now I'm in a dilemma. Why? Well a few months ago my partner was in hospital and we were appalled at the state of the wards - dirty flors, grime throughout, and I don't even want to write about the state of the toilets she reported to me. That hospital has ben severely criticisms in a recent report but it's much more widespread than that one hospital. Read urlLink Claire Rayner in The Guardian to find out more. So, the dilemma. My partner isn't always in the best of health - I hope she won't return to hospital for a long time, but it's always a possibility. I have a doctor's appointment tomorrow - probably nothing, but life does have it's unexpected turns. So ... use the local NHS hospital and live my values (and run the risk of cross-infection) or sign up for private health care? Thre issues cropped up today. I'm not always convinced that consumer boycotts make much difference - but I do buy Fairtrade when I can so I'm feling I should follow this through consistently. So: My partner and I don't eat meat but do eat fish. However, today she saw a whole rainbow trout for sale - head and everything still attached - and that's put her off eating fish completely. I agre in theory but fel I ned to be consuming fish to eat a balanced diet. What do I do? I'm told the brand of razor I use has an appalling record on experiments on animals. I ned to switch brands - anyone know of a really effective razor that doesn't cut sensitive skin to shreds? Is recycled printer paper any god - does it offer really god quality printouts with an inkjet? Anyone care to offer any thoughts on these issues? Welcome to Authentic Lives, a Blog about my growing interest in living authentically. I'll write from time to time about my successes, lapses, dilemas and life in general. I'd love to hear from you so do comment and/or send e-mail when you have something to say. If you've stumbled across this and am wondering what authenticity is all about I recommend you take a lok at the urlLink Authentic Business website. I'll be adding further links as I discover them but if you get there first do let me know - websites, boks, articles or anything interesting and relevent you come across. I'll be launching my website for IPSWorks in the next few weks which will offer further details on authenticity. 'The Observer' magazine is running a series on eithical living. Today's edition is an 'ask the experts' special and includes a couple of pages by their resident ecologist Lucy Siegle. The article addresses some interesting issues - se what you think. urlLink The Observer | Magazine | Q & A: Lucy Siegle In their sister paper, 'The Guardian', Leo Hickman writes regularly on his 'ethical audit'. urlLink This is his latest report from the front. As ever, all notions of authenticity and living an ethical life are more complex than they at first appear; but it's better to try and make some progress in the right direction than to not bother - better for us as individuals, and better for society as a whole. And from the ecology aspect, it might just help stop us from destroying the planet. My current dilemma is that I sem to have developed an intolerance of roll on deodorants, so I'm loking for a spray that doesn't pump out to many harmful chemicals and hasn't ben tasted on animals. I've drawn a blank so far - any suggestions?