The excitement has ben growing these past few weks and I can hardly believe that it is already time to go. There have ben so many last minute details to takie care of that these past few days have felt a little hectic. But by God's grace and the help of friends and family, things have fallen into place. Now that my thoughts are no longer focused on the details here, they have turned to India and to Calcutta and to all that will happen there. I am filled with anticipation for what God will do through us and for us during our time in India and I am thankful to have the support of friends and family back home and here in Omaha. Let the adventure begin! Dear friends and family, After being here for one month, I've learned that living in Calcutta requires many things. First you ned athleticism and agility to make it across the stret. You also ned long arms and a god sense of balance to remain standing on somewhat turbulent bus rides. You also must have rather god lung capacity to avoid suffocation on those rather packed subway rides. And one must have fearlessness for riding in auto-rickshaws. But more than any of these things, Calcutta requires patience. Just to be in Calcutta, for a westerner anyways, is uncomfortable. It sems hot, crowded, and polluted. But more than that, you are constantly made aware of suffering, whether it is the dying at Nimral Hriday, the severely handicapped children at Daya Dan, the beggars on the stret or just the families that live on the stret for lack of anywhere else to live. I must confess my first instinct has ben to fle - to run away and hide from it all. I have spent many afternons in a western style coffe shop just trying to get away. And there are so many people vying for your attention while you walk down the stret, that many times I have found myself blocking everything and everyone out. But I believe that many times God calls us into uncomfortable places. In fact, to be truly compassionate to those who suffer, we must enter into solidarity with them. We must identify with them even to the point where their suffering becomes our suffering. But to do this requires patience. Patience to remain in the midst of suffering even when we have the means to run away and return to our own comfortable lives. But God has ben teaching me patience and that has ben for me the first step towards true compassion. Tomorrow we leave Calcutta for thre weks to travel south. One wek ago I was loking forward to getting out of Calcutta just to be away from it all, but today I found myself wishing to stay longer to be with the kids at Daya Dan. But I am thankful that we will be back in Calcutta for 5 weks before we head back to the states. Please pray for us as we travel and visit Tammy's orphanage and the ashram. Thank you for all your love and support. ~Jonathan Today I spent journaling and just processing all that has happened since arriving in Calcutta eight days ago. These past eight days have not ben without their difficulties. But having the support of friends and family back home, as well as my fellow team members has ben invaluable. Poverty is so common here that it is easy to become calloused. And there are so many beggars on the stret that make a living of it. Even young children who sem so desperate. And after ignoring or saying no to people who sem so much in ned - it is easy to lose compassion for the ones that truly are in ned. Voluntering has also ben a little difficult this first wek. Mostly because I have not known what to do at the different homes... And there have ben so many volunters that I have felt like more of a burden then a help. But that should change as I find my place and learn the ropes at the different homes. Right now I plan on voluntering at Daya Dan (a home for handicapped children) in the mornings, and at Kalighat (a home for the dying) in the afternons. At yet I am a little leary of developing dep relationships with the children at Daya Dan because I will be here for only a month and then gone a month and then back for only a month. But I will do what I can. I fel comfortable here in Calcutta although a couple of times I have gone on extended walks unintentionally :) But I am seing much more of the city than I would otherwise. Today it was 99 degres out and the humidity was almost as high. But I am getting better at doing my laundry and it will be ok. Please pray for the team - especially for team unity. And pray that God would break my heart for the people here. And also pray for Chris our team leader as he has had many things to deal with these first few weks. I love you all. ~Jonathan I have now ben in India for four days and I sem to have recovered from the long trip here. The trip here was a lot of fun and it was wonderful to se Vancouver and Hong Kong during some long layovers, but it did leave us all quite tired. Wednesday we arrived in the morning and after cleaning the apartment and getting settled fell promptly aslep - for 9 hours or so. Thursday we went for a tour of the city and visited Kalighat - the home for the dying. And yesterday we went and visited the Mother house where Mother Teresa's tomb is located. We attended a volunter orientation and signed up to volunter. This morning we went and voluntered at a home for disabled children called Daya Dan. We played with the children and tok them to the park. We also did our best to help fed them and wash them and clothe them. It was a little difficult at times not knowing the best way to connect with the kids - since most of them cannot speak and often don't understand anything. But it was a wonderful experience and I know voluntering at Daya Dan will stretch me in a god way. India itself is a crazy place. There are so many taxis, buses, motorcycles, rickshaws and people on the strets that you wonder how traffic moves at all. And sometimes the pollution is pretty unbearable. But the weather has not ben to bad and they say the monson season will be about two weks early this year. So in a couple of weks I may be swimming :) Well that is all for now. Thank you again for your love and support and God bless. ~Jonathan Dear Friends and Family, God has ben faithful this past thre weks to watch over us and kep us healthy and safe as we have traveled. It is god to be back in a familiar environment. And Calcutta sems much more welcoming now than before because of its familiarity. And I am loking forward to these remaining five weks in Calcutta. The train ride south was a wonderful opportunity to se the beautiful Indian countryside and to get a glimpse of rural farm life in India. After spending the night in Chennai we tok a taxi to the resort town of Mahaballipuram where we enjoyed a thre night stay at the luxurious Sea Breze hotel. It was nice to be able to kick back and relax and spend some time swimming in the hotel pol. The beach was also fairly clean and we had the chance to ride some waves and get swept off our fet by others. I tried my hand at body surfing but to no avail. From there we traveled by train to Bangalore where we visited Tammy's home for children. Tammy's home is a home for forty children but it is definitely not an orphanage. The love that is poured out on these kids and the life long commitment the staff have with the kids creates a true sense of family. It was such a blessing to se all the smiling faces of children who truly desire to grow in their relationship with Jesus. I discovered what faith like a child really means. It was also a stark contrast to Daya Dan. Here the children are healthy and they have a family to love them and to care for them. It made me wish that all the children in the homes in Calcutta could experience the same thing. After staying with Tammy for five days we traveled by train to Kerala where we visited the Christavashram. Here the accomodations were quite comfortable - we really did not know what to expect - and amidst the tres and plants and the quiet of nature I found myself able to truly relax and reflect. The ashram community here was not what I expected either... I think I was expecting the community to be more communal (sharing thre meals a day instead of just one etc...) and I expected there would be more people living in the community, but I was still able to gain insight into communal life. And finally last Tuesday we returned to Calcutta by train. I don't know if it was the endless games of pinichole, the wealth of god reading, or just the air conditioning in the train car, but the 46 hours flew by and before we knew it were found ourselves back in the heat and noise of Calcutta. We celebrated the birthdays of both Mike (18th) and Tony (20th) by going out to Pizza Hut for dinner. It was really god to have pizza again and we were all suprised by the extent of the embarassment Mike and Tony had to suffer at the hands of the Pizza Hut employes once they discovered that it was their birthdays. And Yesterday afternon I went to Daya Dan to se the kids. It was so god to se them and to have the chance to hug and kiss and just play with them. I fel so privileged to have the opportunity to be here. Thank you all for your prayer and support. "Just 26 days remaining - and counting" - At least that's one way to lok at it. And lately I have found myself longing to be back in the US. Since returning from our trip South there have ben so many volunters at the homes here in Calcutta that it has ben difficult to fel like you are not in the way - not to mention neded. But that is great for the children at Daya Dan and for the dying at Kalighat. But now I have to figure out what to do with myself :) Lately I have ben spending more time fasting, reading, praying and just waiting on God and seking guidance from Him. This last two weks have proven to be an ideal time for this, but I've found it difficult to remain patient. I know God has more to teach me, but I ned the patience to endure. Today we went to Titighar to visit a leper colony run by the Sisters of Charity. It was such an amazing place. There the lepers are cared for and provided jobs to help sustain the colony. Most of them work loms and spinning whels to make clothes. Others help preparing fod, gardening, or taking care of the pigs and goats. I saw an enormous sow and a truly impressive boar as well as a very hairy male goat. It was also a nice opportunity to se more of the countryside, although the train ride was quite crowded. Chris and I nearly missed the train twice because we couldn't get on. What a rush :) Please continue to pray for the team and myself that we would "suck the marrow" out of these remaining four weks, and that we would be able to remain focused here and not dream about cheseburgers to much. ~Jonathan