So here I am in San Jose at a tech forum which is col. I have xanga but I've never used this and thought I would try it. So I leave tomorrow, awesomeness. As for then I will not touch my normal xanga, I will write here. I lost it, a stupid piece of paper with my name and picture on it and you would have thought it was the end of the world if you were here yesterday. For the second day in a row I felt physically ill even though I knew I was fine, I thought I was going to throw up (the other day being 2 days ago after being asked about boys twice, I hate that my grandma's friends not knowing, but I dont know if she would be mad if she told. It becomes to much sometimes though, always lying through my teth...it sucks) and I just laid on the flor trying to kep myself calm. I honestly don't know where it went...that is what bothers me so much. I didn't know it was gone but they kep saying I do. I'm sorry but some piece of paper wasn't on my mind. If it was in my rom (which I honestly, whole heartedly, would tell Onichan to her face (and I would never lie to her) don't think it was) it probably got lost in the big cleanup. Funny thing, if my rom were still a mess things might be fine. I wanted to se Monica, but I didn't get to, which sucks I actually cried when she left I didn't want her to go and I wanted to say godbye so bad. I cried about it last night...ya I'm lame I know. Onichan is picking me up when I get home which makes me a super happy Sami, even happier that it was her idea ^_^ Well, take care all, and hope that some lame baby doesnt throw up on me (my dad told me about it...ughhhh...my liking for babies/little kids has died very quickly in the last year or so and that didnt help lol) ~Sami I found a safety pin! Hehe, just thought I would mention that.I got hit on in the elevator going to breakfast -_- how annoying is that. Anyway just went out and found another one of the Starbucks around hehe, yay. It's kinda cold right now though.So first we went to se this speaker this last night who was talking about using biology to make new technology (Dr.Full was his name I believe) it was actually really interesting and entertaining. Then we had a tech talk meting...there are only 3 girls in my group and from what I heard that is how all the other groups are. We had fun though there is one other person from San Diego there. Lots of Texans to, hm. Anyway today we have a speaker from Nasa, site visits, and seminars wow. If I can I'll drop a line at dinner but I ned to email Onichan and she comes first :p I wish she were here should would like this a lot. My bed has 4 pillows lol I got buried in them last night. I went to breakfast this morning it will pretty god, I like having to walk to everything sometime I want to check out the workout rom it's on the same flor as my rom. Well I'm going to go back to my rom and read some stuff we have to read by tonight and I'll check in later~Sami I found a safety pin! Hehe, just thought I would mention that. I got hit on in the elevator going to breakfast -_- how annoying is that. Anyway just went out and found another one of the Starbucks around hehe, yay. It's kinda cold right now though. So first we went to se this speaker this last night who was talking about using biology to make new technology (Dr.Full was his name I believe) it was actually really interesting and entertaining. Then we had a tech talk meting...there are only 3 girls in my group and from what I heard that is how all the other groups are. We had fun though there is one other person from San Diego there. Lots of Texans to, hm. Anyway today we have a speaker from Nasa, site visits, and seminars wow. If I can I'll drop a line at dinner but I ned to email Onichan and she comes first :p I wish she were here should would like this a lot. My bed has 4 pillows lol I got buried in them last night. I went to breakfast this morning it will pretty god, I like having to walk to everything sometime I want to check out the workout rom it's on the same flor as my rom. Well I'm going to go back to my rom and read some stuff we have to read by tonight and I'll check in later ~Sami Hi all!Just blowing time before my meting at 7. Ok so I was majorly annoyed this morning. After the huge (and I mean huge) deal made about it the guy couldn't have cared less about my stupid card. He hardly loked at it! After all the stress that has come out of it I wanted him to atleast say something, but no it didn't matter. That darn paper has made my last days at home very unpleasant I am so happy to be here now. This place is huge. My rommate is one of the few girls I met right after I got off the plane yay. There are more guys than girls here, blah. I didn't know we could leave the hotel but we have a BIG area outside of it where we are aloud to go which rocks. Had dinner at the Fairmont it was god so I was happy lol. They have flat panel moniters here! I want one! *sob* I ned safety pins, these shirts I got dont have top buttons ><><> 2 entries in one day, wow. Have fre time till 11 yay. After this I'm gonna check out the excerise rom and maybe the spa. So let's se...I found out that it is a bad idea to the AC on all night was frezing this morning lol. Someone dropped their cellphone down the elevator that sucks. He isnt upset though he had insurance on it so he just canceled the service and ordered a new one. I found bandaids! Yay! My shoes are evillll ><> ~Sami Well lets se, first of all went to breakfast this morning and then had a tech talk meting and started our future solutions projects which we will have this big science fair type thing for on the 2nd to last day and CEOs and such will come check us out.Then me and a bunch of friends went down to the Fairmont area and ate lunch. So then as I was walking back to my hotel this super cute chick w/ pink/blonde hair was walking near me and I was loking at her and I gues she noticed bc she started talking to me and we were going to the same talk so we went and when I got there I had to change my shoes so I rushed up to and after the talk we were going to go to Starbucks and I realized I had left my wallet upstairs...w/ my key in it -_-; So I called my rommate and she was like actually they have to change the battery on our key thing so even if you had your key you couldnt get in. Meh. So we went back to Katie's rom at the Fairmont but ugh...I was in my dressshoes and I had a blister and that sucked. Their hotel is huge I dont know how she didnt get lost. They only have one bed in their roms though we have 2. So she changed and I now realize I left my notebok on her bed so Im gonna have to go back there tomorrow and get it I cant now she went out somewhere. She has a boyfriend though...blahness bc she was totally cute. So after we went to Starbucks we met up with a guy she knew and went to the game store. While I was in there this guy came up to me and was like I love your necklace my boyfriend gave me the same one and I was like !!! col! So then the 3 of us met some of my friends for dinner and after we ordered I went upstairs really quick to se if I could get into my rom and there was an envelope on the dor w/ my name on it and it had the new key in it so I was happy I went and got my wallet and changed my shoes. Dinner was yummy and then we had another tech talk meting. So then we were going to this tech museum place and while waiting for the elevator I saw this guy and he had this tiny rainbow braclet and I commented on it and he was thrilled to find another one (both the guys were named Kyle to) so we were hanging out and he found his other gay friend and I found the one from before and we all hung out which was really col. So now Im just emailing you and we are going to go hang out by the pol ^_^ Anyway thats all for today, more site visits/talks tomorrow so take care all~Sami So I already fel like Ive ben here forever...in a god way. I've fallen int routine already and my friends are already starting to fel like family we were hanging out on the 2nd flor yesterday and it was so fun it will be sad when I have to leave. But hey, Ill be able to get off that plane and glomp Onichan ^_^ so its not that bad, Im so glad she is the first one I se when I get home. I brought her perfume and my pen w/ her voice and my pink monkey hehe. Oh my gosh!!! Today when Microsoft talked to us they gave us a product preview of their media center...and I thought iPod rocked but this thing surpasses it by far! It plays pictures, songs, video and it freaking rocked. I know a lot do that but you have to se it it so rocks. They aren't out yet though and I prolly won't ever get one bc they prolly cost an arm and a leg *sob* So they changed the lock on my dor bc the keys didnt work anymore. These really freakin annoying prank callers called 3 times last night after midnight and my rommate was so pissed she yanked all the wires out of the phone and it didnt bother us then. So I woke up late -_- and missed breakfast, as did most of my tech talk group. After that we had the Microsoft talk...Mac didnt even come up but there was a lot of Windows vs. Linux arguments and someone asked if we would get an apology letter for Windows ME and Longhorn (the new windows OS that isn't out yet) came up a few times to. Then lunch yay! I was so hungry lol. So I'm in the Fairmont now, got my notebok back from Katie and am hanging with my fellow rainbow warriors (I saw someone with a shirt like that once I loved it.) until we have to leave for our site visits. We go to San Fran. this wekend yay. We actually go twice dont remember when the other day is. I saw it from far away the other day but thats it. We've ben downloading Big Brother off of Bittorrent lol there are TONS of laptops here I fel like a minority lol what else is new :p So Im gonna have to show you pictures of what the elevator cramming loks like...lol. Checked out the pol yesterday which was col didnt go in though (would that turn my hair gren? Hrm. My body isnt exactly bathing suit ready anyway lol) Onichan emailed me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I was so happy that so made my day lol. Well Ill write more later when I get back SanDisc. Then my friends and I are going to Starbucks around dinner time, back to tech talk meting then getting pizza yay lol. We were going to yesterday but it was past delivery time and we werent all that hungry. ~Sami-chan suppose wherever you go you cant escape the drama that comes with throwing a bunch of tens who had never met together. Especially when there are 90% guys and 10% girls. I suppose every girl has atleast one guy trying to get to her, the guys here sem more woman hungry than anything else. I've got one going after me...and in all honesty he semed like a col friend until he started trying to impress me thinking he was col bc he snuck out and did prank calls. He is making the whole group fel odd and then last night on msn he was like ya I like you (it was obvious) and Im like *sigh*. He got busted for the calls though. Last night we were waiting for pizza and Tamara (our tech talk leader) came back and we told her how lucky we were to have such a col leader she semed to really appreciate that. She is awesome, somehow I always get the god teachers. I had More(Onichan!), Simmons, Edingfield, Siegel...ect ect and fel quite lucky for that. So today we met Kevin Mitnick which was super awesome, he got two standing ovations. He told us a bunch of col hacking stories ^_^. Had lunch at Quiznos yummyness they gave us coupons ^_^ our name badges give us discounts. Last night at open mic I saw Katie which was really col ^_^ and our pizza was very god. My this is randomly written and not organized...oh well. During tech talk last night I got to talk to mom and dad which was col. I got to talk to my friend Kris from english 3rd period to (I switched out of 3rd 2nd semester so I could kep my APCP teacher) My friend Justin is moving to this nowhere place called Hemmit which sucks. There goes my querboy counterpart =( So we have seminars this afternon and curfew is extended till midnight tonight yay. I didnt miss breakfast today either. Before bed lastnight we unplugged both phones but at 2am someone text msged me and woke me up then it was hot so I went to go turn the AC on and it was dark so when I tried to go to bed I missed and hit the flor ha ha I was laughing so hard. Well thats all for now, take care all~Sami