Well Epcot was pretty col. Mission Space is awesome. But because I planned on spending today coding the rest of the site, it will not be up until Wednesday or Saturday at the latest. To get a snek peak of version urlLink 2.0 lok for a hidden link in this post. Yup. Well Bye. BTW FCAT has ben added to the list of bad four letter words. Hey guys. The blog is a little weird for now until I get version 2 up. Well have a god wekend and I will have some new epcot photos tommrow night. I doubt version2 will be up by Monday. Well bye. Hey guys sorry didnt get to post yesterday. Well today went ok. Besides my PAWS teacher saying to come se her tommrow morning for something I have no clue what, my history teacher get mad at me for answering to many questions, and a kid dropping my iPod in math. You so just want this day to be over. Then tonight I had to study for my history test which should be a cake walk, and my Geometry test which should be ok. I also had to finish my German project because my partner never got online like he said he would. WinMX is ok. DOwnloaded it last night but its just a thing to hold me over until someone gets another P2P system up. Got some songs off there to put on my scratched iPod >:(. Well tommrow is another day. I just wish I know what my PAWS teacher wants. Really not that happy about being left in the dark about anything. Well bye bye. Late night pulling off last minute touches to my chemistry project. Sucks. Hopefully a longer post tommrow. Hey guys. Not much going on today except finishing up some last minute things on my Chemistry poroject. Ben doing homework all night so not much to talk about. Song of the wek is 7 Nation Army by the White Stripes and the preview to watch is HellBoy by urlLink Sony Pictures . I guess thats about it so I will se you guys tommrow. Hey guys. Spent most of the day working on my chemistry project thats due on Wednesday. Got all of it finished except for the powerpoint presentation. That should go by fast. I also had a game tonight and we won 3-2. Had a couple of chances at a goal but still left with an assist. Best lol Sunday on Fox ever. Simon should be a prement charcter on the Simpsons. Also my dad's computer is on the fritz so we might be getting a new computer or a new harddrive for it. By the way the iPod rocks. Pretty boring day except for the fact that I got my iPod early. Truly guys this thing is amazing everyone should have one. Love everything about it. Now to save up for some of those nifty add-ons. Had schol today. Fun stuff. Yah anyways started a concert poster project in graphics. People really ned to get hit upside the head when they think a stock image with the Filter> Render> Lens Flare and red text lok god for a poster. Anyways still got Chem. h/w to do. Just got finished play CSX no luck with members this time either. Loking foward to my hockey game Sunday night I sucked last night so I want to have a god game. Yah anyways added 2 more random tops and deleted one because it loked really bad. Well one post closer to... well I dont know. Se yah. Hey guys. Sorry didnt get to post yesterday. Well I have no homework all wek so that has rocked. Yet I have ben busy doing this and that. Today after schol I held clan tryouts for like 3 hours and out of all that time I couldnt find one single terrorist group that could kill me 3 times in a row on the Militia map. And if you know the game being Counter Terrorist on that map is really close to impossible. Maybe I just to high of expectations. Well after that I had a hockey game. We tied 4-4 and we fount out our team names. I get to be the 'Viperz' yay! Yah anyways. I guess that all my $.02 for today take it for what it is. Hey guys. Well today I managed to get the banner radomizer at the top working. I also did my homework. Played a little Counter Strike. Really hung out all day. Skipped two hockey games tonight :p. No one was going to be there because a tourney so I didnt go. Well the dream is up and back to the grindstone. Hopefully I will have to time to post still. Se ya. I didnt wake up till 2 PM yesterday and I just hung out the rest of the day. 3 Day wekends rock. Whats up guys? Not much going on here on my end. Had a hockey game yesterday we lost 10-0. The refs were horrible in the game. Well we got another game Monday night. After the game I chilled for a while. Then I had a friend come over to work on a project. Boring. After that I played Counter-Srike on X-Box till about Midnight. Then I decided to setup this pimp thing. Well hopefully I will post often unlike my other attempted blogs. Well have ben reading Designing with Web Standards by jeffery zeldman. Its a great bok but the first 150 pages could have ben thrown out the window. Really I felt like I was reading his daily blog where he relates things to other things that only have like a single thing in common. Yet after that I think has the best explanation of XHTML and CSS. I started making a new version with XHTML and CSS. So far its is compatable with Opera, Firefox, Firebird, IE6, Safari, and Netscape(few glitches). Just click the link to your right to se it. Also Hotel California by Eagles( Live with Eric Clapton) is the song of the wek. Anyways Bye Bye. Hey guys sorry I didnt post over Spring Break but I was just to busy doing this or that even though I was at my computer the whole time. Anyways I didnt Palgerise so that was god. And over Spring Break I got a Wacom Tablet Mouse and Pen and the Vaja case I wanted for my iPod. I figured my average bed time was 3:00am and average slep time was 10 hours. Anyways so far this wek its all col. I started learning Premire in my graphics class personally I don't really care for it. I have a project in history tomrrow which is going to be easy. All I have to do is stand in front of the class for a while taking about the Second Industrial Revolution. Have Chemistry test Friday that could become very interesting. Also Romeo and Juliet has to be the most early known story about flausises and retards marrying. Anyways added some new stock photos to the gallery and also I reached 1048 songs on my iPod as well. Well until next time bye. Hey guys. Today was col except for the fact my teachers are on a roll with plagerisme on this huge project. It sems like every year since 6th grade it happens at least once a year. I'm like 97% sure I didn't do it but if I did it wont be more then a sentence or two that I did subconsisously. But they way are teachers are going they make it sound like 4/5 people did it so everyone is on edge. Anyways got my old computer and got it running. This wekend it's getting a new case with a window and network card. After that I plan on saving for a 32MB card for then installing Sues Linux on it. I will only use it for graphics so ya. Well I guess that's it. Bye. Hey guys. NRT was to easy. Hate chemistry right now he is giving us homework everynight. Finally after a wek and a half of doing nothing in Geometry he might actually teach us something tommrow. Song of the wek is Slepyhead by Alkaline Trio on their album "Maybe I'll Catch Fire". Movie I have ben watching this wek is Phoneboth with Coline Farrel(i think thats how you spell it). Quite a col movie. Another day another post closer to Spring Break just 2 more days and one of them is a short day so, Yay! Well bye bye. Hey guys. Happy Birthday to me. Today went pretty well did hardly anything in schol. Had tons of homework though because I was absent Thursday and Friday. Got all of it finished except for my history outline and none of its due till Wednesday so yay for me. Also had a game tonight. I had an awesome defensive game. Helped post the shutout for our goalie as we won 5-0. Mike Symons got a hat-trick by the way. We also made the playoffs on the out dor team. Now only if my In-House team could win. We lost 6-3 last night. But I got a new stick and pants after the game so I didnt fel to bad. Love my new stick. Anyways Bye. Well as you can se the new version still isnt up. We ended up going places tonight so I didnt get to work on it. I will try and have it up tommrow night or like 2:00 eastern tonight. Hey guys. Well finished with FCATs. They where so easy. Almost finished with the site. Hopefully be up by this time tommrow night. Chilled yesterday night. Then tonight I downloaded some song off urlLink Limewire and ripped some songs off my cousins CDs. I now have all of Akaline Trio's songs and some of the acoustic versions. We also went to Downtown Disney tonight pretty gay. Well guess that's it. Bye. Only 6 days left until no more schol. We did nothing at all first and second period. Thrid we continued watching Schindler's List which I guess we finish tomomrow. We actually did something first time in a wek in fourth. We started reviewing. My chemistry teacher is taking it way to easy on us. He started off by making the test only 30 questions then he decides to make one a frebie. After that he precides to tell us what each question is going to be on. And now for the rest of the wek we are going to go over the stuff the questions are on. Did I mention that we get one page of notes, periodic table, and a shet full of type of reactions and stuff like that. Fifth period we did nothing again. Sixth we had sub. Noth said there. Anyways worked some on Project *SoB* tonight. I also coded some of the LF Clan site tonight. I also watched The Ring. It's still gay. Yup anyways. I guess I'm going to update my iPod. BTW my iBok found is $940 away from its goal. Oo... I also played some CSX tonight. I think I'm getting my touch back. I was owning almost all night even though team stacking is worse then it was when I quit the first time. Yup playlist is at 1200 songs BTW. Well till next time. Heavily inspired by the old template I was using.Has all the new features I like and a random image generator down at the bottom. Anyways dont have much to say. Till next time. Bye. Well today was fun. I finished my project in first period but then in second I had to do a practice essay. Wasn't for a grade but I suck at essay's atleast now there won't be on the final. In third we watched another part of Schindler's List, which is a great movie by the way. In fourth we played cards the whole period. I managed to win two games of Spons as well as one game of Shit. Then at lunch I had a Raspberry Slushie and two slices of Pappa John's Pizza. Again in fifth period it was a fre day so I just listened to my iPod the whole period. Teacher wasnt here sixth period so we watched a video. Tonight I was able to get my chemistry lab report. I also got some of my RCT2 project done, now it's at about 30% done. Did some graphic work also. Then I decided to update this thing and get everything back in order to thanks to Blogger's all new features. Anyway long time no se guys. Till later. Bye. Going to posting in my blog so now its here for everyone. For yall bitching about my hosting service being gone find someone else to get your stuff going with. Joking here ya go http://www.insomniachapel.com/rot/direct/upload.php just bokmark that. Yup. Bye.