Sigh. It's ben a long day. And I almost finished this post earlier when I accidentally typed control-w instead of shift-w. GRRR.... My day, by and large, was uneventful in that interesting way that you all care about. It's ben long and frustrating at times. Most notably, my boss expressed frustration with regard to why what I've ben working on fixing isn't fixed yet and expressed that he was losing confidence in my abilities to do the sort of work required for this job I have. ep. =-( On an upshot, though, our "little talk" got me to disregard the advice of the guy I've ben listening to for advice and information and returned me on my original path...which got me to exactly the milestone that my boss was loking for...after he left for the day. My only concern is that he'll think that I wasn't really working for the last couple weks and really laid it on and got it done after he talked to me.... c'est la vie. But on an upshot, I hung out with a co-worker for a god 45 minutes after work today and we had a great conversation about everything from why I think higher gas prices (not to high!) are a god thing to why computers are evil (only a half-truth). It was quite nice and a nice change of pace from the relentless staring at my laptop scren all day long. After work, I did a bit of a cursory cleanup of my apartment and it's loking a bit neater. Most notably, I've gotta sit down and spend the 2-3 hours getting all the wiring to my computers bundled up and done neatly and correctly. Aside from that, most of my evening has ben awash. And here I am, spending probably to much time writing a blog entry (twice, no less....). But that's alright. I ned a break from work -- it's ben a very long day. =-) As for the illustrious Cathy E., she ditched me. For her grandmother. *sigh* I can't hold a grudge against her, however, so I'm still going to wish her a happy summer and god times in Washington DC. If there will be mad bozing involved, I might have to go down and assist in her 21st birthday celebrations, although I havne't discussed this with relevant parties yet, so surprise to all those affected! =-) The rest of what I promised from yesterday will have to wait until the next post. I'm not in the mod to, nor do I have the energy to talk about any of that. Alas, I'm out of energy and time. The phone is ringing and it's CJ. Like yesterday, I'd rather not end my second post with something as shallow and thoughtless as "I'm tired." So I guess I'll leave you with a quote: I remember we were kids watching children's shows, and they'd have maybe thre round objects and one square object or thre white objects and one black object and they'd be asking, "which one of these things doesn't belong?" and I can remember thinking, "why doesn't this thing belong?" You know, I mean, why would anything be put on the planet that didn't belong? There's a place for everything. I can just think being taught that from an early age it just lets you se why there is so much prejudice and injustice in the world... but I guess there's a place for that to. - Victor Woten, A Show of Hands Well, I've succumbed to the latest tech fad, in typically Brian-esque fashion: late as always. Also in my typically unimaginitive way, I can come up with nothing better to say after this than a painfully hackneyed cliche. Better late than never, most notably. *sigh* Sometimes I dislike being me. A lot of things have happened in my life, most not to dramatic, but a few intensely radical changes. Well, really only two. I finished schol (for now, at least) and I got a job. More on these later, when it's not so late at night. Moving along, since it's so damn late.... =-P On a very upbeat note, I will (hopefully) be able to met up with the ever delightful Cathy E. tomorrow. (as an aside, why would anyone name a town "cazenovia"???) I can't wait to hear tales of her semester in Britain. I've offered to take her out to dinner in exchange for her indulging me with her company. I hope CJ doesn't get *to* jealous. =-) More about this will come tomorrow. And lastly, this post demonstrates why I should *never, ever, ever* be allowed to write a conclusion before I write the rest of anything. Well, it's not really a conclusion as much as it is an observation that in the interest of not wanting to forget about the situation described, I neglected to realize that it would comprise half my post since it's so damn late. ops. Realistically, I know I have lots to say, but I'm getting quite tired and can't think of anything other than rambling complaining about why I should never do this again. *sigh* On a more thoughtful note, or rather, to attempt to end this first post in a manner more gracefully than just stopping, I made an emergency late-night run to Tops tonight and left with a feling of contentment and gratitude that I would not expect. No, it wasn't a random observation somehow related to the borderline inconsequential bulbs of garlic that I was suddenly in desperate ned of. Rather, it was the conversation of the cashier had with the guy in front of me -- another person in ned of a couple random items at 10:30PM. They were talking about the cashier's future plans, just the sort of conversation rarely fated for the checkout line. It was the sort of conversation that was meant to be had not with a stranger (which I'm not sure was the case, but nevertheless...), much less at a checkout stand. The cashier was talking about how she was loking for another job, ideally one that paid even a little better than minimum wage, which she'd then pick up as a second job. She was talking (not complaining, but merely talking) about how it's hard not seing her family very much and about how she was working her current job as two (she's just getting off about now....the end of a 13 hour day). And she did it with a just enough of a smile and a sparkle in the eye that made you know that there was something that made it all worth it. I was amazinged not only by how eloquently, yet concisely she could convey all the emotion and exhaustion surrounding her situation, but also by the love and dedication she expressed. It also made me eternally grateful for my family and especially my parents, without whom, I would probably be in a similar situation today. It's now almost 2:15. In other words, this is gonna be mighty quick since I'm up *way* past my bedtime. I worked a half day last Friday (my day off), so I'm taking half of tomorrow off. Yay! Then it's off to Rochester for the wekend. Work has ben going really well in the last wek since I've resumed work on parts that actually make it lok like I'm making headway instead of munging around on well-concealed internals. Today was pay day as well. It sucks to se 30% of my bi-wekly paycheck going to "deductions" ranging from taxes to 401(k) contributions. *sigh* Anyway, god night world! I'll try to put something else up this wekend or shortly thereafter. I'm going to continue to try to end my posts with something to think about. I read about a study today about sex education versus non-education with advocacy of abstinance. The study showed that among sexually active tens, both groups had the same percentage of STIs, however, those who never received sex education were significantly more likely to not know they carried an STI. This got me thinking again about why we as a society shun sex, while we revel in violence. Any given movie can have dozens of people shot to death in it and only garner a PG-13 rating, but reveal a breast, especially two and you're slapped with the second worst of all ratings: R. I guess it's little surprise to me that a society that dems the human body and sex to be more dangerous to its youths than murder, finds itself swimming in violent crime. (This is *not* to say that I advocate censorship of violence from the media...I like to consider myself to be against censorship in all of its forms. Rather, I advocate re-analysis of the true danger that these topics present to the youths who are permitted to se them.) ------------------------------------- Peace cannot be kept by force. It can only be achieved by understanding. - Albert Einstein The column where my blog appears is rather narrow in this layout. I'm not sure if I like it, but it certainly does make me lok like a profuse writer. Perhaps this is a god thing.... This is as dep as I'm going to get tonight. Ugh. This is my second attempt at the third post in this blog. Last night, I was thwarted by the electric company, who decided that I was unworthy of having electricity. 'nuf said. As I began writing last night, I've decided to rescind my initial promise of updating all of you out there about the events of my life in the last few months. At least, to any great detail. The big events are merely that I'm done with schol (finally!) and that I found a job. And (hopefully and semingly) a god one, at that. =-) Speaking of work, that's ben the second biggest influence on my life since the last post. More on this following the single biggest influence on my life since the last post -- my girlfriend. =-) She came up for the wekend (well, most of it anyway) after being at home for a few weks. There's nothing quite like that moment when you and your SO have ben separated for even a short while and you get together again for the first time in what fels like an eternity. Having said that, I had a wonderful time this last wekend with her. It also reminded me of how little there is to do here. We hung out in the apartment Saturday evening and went out on Sunday to play miniature golf. CJ started to fel sick, however ( =-( ) and so we returned to the pad and watched movies for the rest of the day, just about. Monday, we went out for lunch and spent half of our last few hours perusing the shops in the all to cokie-cutter shopping area in New Hartford. I won't torture all you single folks out there with any more along these lines. Work has ben going well, lately. Following the painfully disconcerting events of last wek, it's ben a much neded relief. Most notably, today I was able to successfully demonstrate that things semed to be largely working and that it semed that I might be close to the end, barring major catastrophes surrounding getting the last few features to work. The really god news of the day was that my boss semed happy with the sudden progress in the last few days, getting things to work. The best news of the day is that he talked about using this part of the project in a demonstration to the customer on the 19th...which is a few days after my probationary period ends. It's loking like I'll be able to kep my job again. Yay! Aside from all of that, there hasn't ben much else going on, although CJ's visit for the wekend was wonderful. I only wish she could've stayed longer, but I'm quite happy she's in Rochacha now and well within range of wekend visits. =-) Less related to what's ben going on, and more pertinent to what I've ben thinking about, I've ben wondering about a lot of long-term stuff in my life since it loks like the short term stuff is all going to pan out for now. =-) Big questions currently include what will happen when Cortney graduates -- where will she end up? Will I be able to follow? Will we still be together? Also, questions as of late pertain to work (obviously) -- do I really like what I'm doing right now? Is there any way that I could possibly like it, if I don't at the moment? Is it really what I want to be doing in 2 years? 5 years? 20 years? I've decided not to end this post on a thought this time. I'm feling very uninsightful. I ned to iron some clothes and get my ass to bed son. God night world!