There is one person who reads my blogs and who can figure out who I am. I've given many clues as to who I am, you just have to read the comments and lok closely. This may be my last blog, when you find out who I am, I have one last thing to say to you, but you have to find out who i am. Its ben fun and all, but hiding behind a name like Dark Angelique gets boring. Do you think aliens exist? I personally do. I am also a skeptic and a religious person. It can get very confusing. As for aliens, how can one deny the fact that life can’t exist somewhere in this vast universe. The prof is the fact that someone is reading this at all. Humans exist in this universe and if humans can exist then why can’t other beings exist also. I mean, what are the chances that our planet is the only planet in this entire existence that is capable of supporting life. UFO sightings are to common to all be fakes. I mean, yes, there are people who claim to have sen UFO’s and fake UFO sighting with a simple string, a tin object and camera or video camera. These people are just loking for attention. The sher amounts of sightings though are to great to all be hoaxes. As for whether aliens have landed, I don’t believe it. I don’t think intelligent beings would risk an encounter with a species as destructive as us. As for abductions, I’ve heard theories. There is a particular one I’m very interested in. Basically it states that these aliens are so advanced and evolved they’ve lost the ability to reproduce. To put it simply, they’re dying. They ned our DNA and to re-sequence their own DNA to allow for reproduction. It is also said that there will be a side effect to this. These beings are so evolved they have lost the ability to love at all. It is this lack affection that allows them to do the experiments they ned on us to kep their way life alive, but as I was saying before the side effect of adding our DNA to their DNA is they may love again. It’s all in our genes, how our hair loks in the brilliant sun, the way our eyes lok when the mon hits them just right, and yes, love. It’s all in our genes. For the first time in a long time they will be able fel compassion for us and maybe there is hope for us yet. There are two results of their compassion. The first is them intervening in our busy lives showing us what we are doing wrong and helping us to become better beings. The second is they destroy us before we make our way to far into the galaxy destroying and polluting planet by planet. Either way, I don’t think I’ll live to se the day either happens. Who ever reads this; I’d really like to know your fedback. What do you think about the existence of aliens? If you’re a believer, then why do you think they’re here? I’m signing off for the night but I’ll leave you with a little quote I heard from a friend a while ago. “When your soul is in doubt, lok to the stars for answers” - anonymous So here I am again; alone in my rom, in the dark, staring at my ceiling and listening to music. I’m not tired because I tok a nap earlier. The dream I had though, it was terrible. My best friend was being buried alive; I was running from people who wanted to kill me, monsters killing other monsters. I won’t read into it to much. I was sick today so I’m not to worried. Staring at my ceiling I start to thinking about a lot of things. Really at the moment I’m broken hearted. I’ll get over it, its just this would be the 3 rd time I’m doing this because of the same girl. We haven’t even called it off, we just haven’t talked. It’s complicated, as things always are. Sometimes I wish I was an animal and not a person. Animals just live their simple lives surviving while humans do the same but by no means is it simple. We complicate things by creating all these amusement. We go to work, make money, and after that we come home loking for entertainment. These industries and corporations just prey on us like we we’re savage pack of dogs wanting fresh meat. This analogy isn’t to far from the truth. We go to war and kill each other almost everyday. Some of humanity or almost all of it just sickening. We kill each other, animals, take away life everyday, pollute this earth to the point where it become uninhabitable. We multiply at rate unheard of, like a disease almost. My sour view towards humanity grows everyday. I don’t like what I am. Then there are things about being human that makes up for all of that. Love. Unfortunately my love chose to ignore me. Isn’t life just grand? Why is it I’m more active at night? I enjoy the night so much more than the day. I can stand near my window at night and just listen to the sounds that come from the darkened field. I stare at the mon and the stars hidden behind my big tre. It’s at night when my thinking becomes clearer but it’s also when everyone goes to slep so I end up being alone. It’s okay though because I like to be left alone. Sometimes I crave companionship but other nights I just like it when I’m by my self. I don’t know, maybe I’m just weird. Where is the best place to start? How about the beginning. I am 17 years old, and ultimately this is to get things off my chest. I fully realize that people will read this but don’t be so hard to judge me based on what I write. I write when I’m upset and that causes me to write very sour things towards humanity. Sometimes I question existence entirely. Why do people do the things they do or say things they don’t mean. How can people go to slep so comfortably knowing that they’ve hurt someone. When there’s anger betwen two people the outcome is usually very bad. Perhaps ill post later when my minds more clear. I’m afraid all the thoughts in my head are just flying everywhere right now. Went to the beach a couple days ago with some friends. She was there. I remember one moment were she was lying down on the blanket in the sand, and her hair just light scattered across her face. And then the sun hit her red hair so perfectly, she was the most beautiful thing in the world. I wish i had a camera. But i can se it so vividly in my mind. I wish I could tell her this and it hurts sometimes when I know I cant. She's on my mind a lot, especially at night when I cant slep. I've ben hanging out with her a lot, and I talk to her every chance I get. She still has no idea :( I still can't tell her until im sure. I just wish that day would be son. Dearest friend, how do i find words for what my heart desires.... Im sorry if you people dont wanna read this, thats okay, its just what im dealing with these days. Perhaps my blogs will be better in the future.... Led Zeppelin Trampled Underfot Greasy slicked down body, grovy leather trim I like the way you hold the road, mama, it ain't no sin Talkin' 'bout love [X3] Trouble-fre transmission, helps your oil's flow Mama, let me pump your gas, mama, let me do it all Talkin' 'bout love [X3] Dig that heavy metal underneath your hod Baby, I could work all night, believe I've got the perfect tols Talkin' 'bout love [X3] A model built for comfort, really built with style Specialist tradition, mama, let me feast my eyes Talkin' 'bout love [X3] Factory air-conditioned, heat begins to rise Guaranted to run for hours, mama it's a perfect size Talkin' 'bout love [X3] Grovin' on the freway, gauge is on the red Gun down on my gasoline, I believe I'm gonna crack a head. Talkin' 'bout love [X3] I can't stop talkin' about... Come to me for service every hundred miles Baby, let me check your points, fix your overdrive Talkin' 'bout love [X3] Fully automatic, comes in any size Makes me wonder what I did, before we synchronized Talkin' 'bout love [X3] Feather-light suspension, coils just couldn't hold I'm so glad I tok a lok inside your showrom dors Talkin' 'bout love [X3] Oh, I can't stop talkin' about love. Just had to share this one big giant inuendo with you. Its awesome! God song to! I cant slep. Im trying to but i cant do it. Everytime i close my eyes i se her. The one my effection has ben towards. I talk to her online everyday now for hours on end. I think im beginning to really care for this person but how to tell her? I plan to se her friday. If there was an opportunity to tell her it would be that day. I still dont know how to tell her. There's also, the rejection factor. I've never told someone i've liked them unless i was absaloutly sure they liked me back. This is different becuase im not sure. I fel i should wait to tell her how i fel but if i wait to long i might miss the opportunity. Perhaps i should wait to se if felings grow stronger betwen us. Maybe she doesnt se the connection now but she might se it later. I dont know. Everytime i close my eyes i se her smiling face. I start making up scenarios in my head about friday and i know none of them will happen. Its still nice to think about though. I really do wish she likes me back. Just talking to her makes me fel flushed. Im afraid though. If she does like me back what then? We become boyfriend and girlfriend but still...what then? I se her a lot...we play guitar...I dont know. Things may get boring betwen us. I dont know. Maybe things will fall into place. What if she doesnt like me...and i por my heart and soul out to her. What then? Perhaps this is a friendship that should remain just a friendship. Perhaps i shouldnt ruin what we've got...but if there is the chance of success...should i take it? I dont know. I suppose i should distract my mind if i can, after all this is just another night where I cant slep. ...but what if?.... I will not try anymore. I admit defeat...i kept fighting when all i really neded to do is give up. In the end i win because then maybe my insides will fix themselves. Just when things get better they get a whole lot worse. I must fre my mind from this burden. I dont want it anymore. Its over now. I must kep reminding myself thats its over now. I dont have to fight it anymore. I had to lose to win. I just hope twisting in my stomach subsides really son. I do not know how long I can endure this pain for. God riddens! So much pain for such little happiness. Not worth it.....women. My insides do fel better now. I never slept tonight. To many things running through my head. It was around 5 in the morning...I was sitting in bed not being able to slep and I was thinking of "her". She was everything to me. I decided to go for a walk at that point. So its just getting light...and im outside wandering the strets at around 5:30 in the morning. I then get the bright idea that I may be able to se that wonderful smile of hers once more so I go to her bus stop. Unfortunately I am unaware of the time having lost my watch at Newton Wave Pol. So i leave and im back at my house around 6:30. I am soaked at this point and my friend is passed out on the couch. Im thinking to myself that if i just stayed a little bit longer i might have ben able to se her once more. Depressed i grab a nice warm bowl of soup and just sit in my back yard and get even more soaked in the cold rain while eating my warm soup. I thought of her almost the entire time. Writing this i am still soaked and though my mind may be weary, i still wonder if things could have ben different...I always kep a faint bit of hope with me.