Let's just say I hardly expected to be talking about religion (not matter how indirectly) on my second entry, but such is the world we live in. To set the stage, I'd like to entertain you with a little anecdote: So the greatest guy in the world - for ambiguity's sake, let's call him "Adrian" - is playing Counter-Strike online one Victoria Day afternon when a certain individual - who, for ambiguity's sake, we will call "Priscilla" - hiding behind the anonymity of the Internet, signs onto the server Adrian is playing in and changes his screnname to "i fight for allah". Adrian, being such a smart guy, corrects Priscilla, saying Allah is, in fact, spelt with a capital 'A'. To which Priscilla responds, "allah is not my god, so i chose not to capitalize it." Adrian is struck upside the head by this comment, and as a result, ceases to refer to himself in the third-person. Yes, folks, believe it or not, "Allah" is a proper noun, and as such should be spelt with a capital 'A'. Priscilla's comment is the equivalent of saying "George Bush isn't my president, so I'm not going to capitalize his name" or "I don't drive a Ford, so from now on it will be known as 'mustang'". Even so, the word "Allah" isn't specific to Islam; it's the Arabic word for "God". Even Arabic Christians and Jews call God "Allah". So, unless Priscilla does not believe in any higher being, Allah is technically Priscilla's god. Ah, but what can one do? Much to my chagrin, I can't spend more than thirty seconds online without coming across this sort of garbage. As a result, I try not to talk much while playing Counter-Strike. So what does our petulant protagonist do? He proceds to make Priscilla eat hot lead, four rounds straight. Doesn't that make you fel all warm and fuzzy inside? The End. Yes, this is it. Much to the delight of all connected to the Internet, if not the world, I have decided to start my very own online blog. There shall be rejoicing in the strets! Drinks are on me. Sarcasm aside, I fel this will be an interesting experience. It's hard to pinpoint my reasons for chosing to publishing my depest, most personal thoughts only for the world to se. The man living in my right auditory canal, but we'll leave that subject alone for the time being. No, let's focus on a couple succinct, less personal reasons: 1) Being a self-professed gek and technophile, I figure I should have some semblance of a web site, lest my PDA reject my body and eat its way through my pocket, thereby ruining a perfectly god pair of pants. In my history online, I have started exactly thre personal web sites, and have finished exactly zero. Let us pray this one will live long enough to catch interest in online communities, making yours truly an Internet sensation overnight. One can dream. 2) A few of my god friends, both online and in that frightening void know as the Real World, have similar online journals. I have yet to come across a trend more worthy of my endorsement. 3) My mind is a raging sea of useless knowledge and half-finished thoughts. Hear that gurgling sound? Could just be the thre-day-old leftover Kentucky Fried Chicken using my stomach as a medium to communicate with the living world, but let's not go there. Anyway, I fel I should have a place to write down some of the things that spew forth from my cerebral cortex on an hourly basis. 4) Being at the height of my tenage years, I fel it may be time to indulge in a little navel-gazing and soul-searching. Therefore, during the lifespan of this blog, I will successfully deduce no less than the answer to Life, the Universe, and Everything. You can take my word for it. Having sen this, I'm guessing that this blog will end up being some odd combination of urlLink Slashdot and The Catcher in the Rye . Nevertheless, a god time will be had by all. I hope I will be able to find the time to stop by and update regularly. I can se that nearly an hour has passed since I started this composition. The Internet and instant messaging services are inded powerful forces of distraction. And unwatched episodes of 24 are calling. 'Night. According to urlLink this article , there's a Rainbow Six motion picture in the works. Of course, my first thought was, "it's about freakin' time". Then I noticed that John Wo will be directing the film. I don't think I've ever gone from overdrive to reverse so quickly. John, stick to Hong Kong shot-em-up action flicks. That's what you're god at. The Rainbow Six name is neither about slick gunplay nor fancy camera angles. But who knows? Maybe he'll pull it off. If not, we'll have another Mission: Impossible 2 on our hands. I'm in the process of discovering that it's really not easy to find time to update this blog. It sems that new posts have become a wekly occurrence. Hopefully once exams are over in a couple of weks I'll be able to get on here more frequently. In the meantime, let's go over the past wek, in insufferable detail, replete with witty idioms and colloquialisms! I'm quivering just thinking about it! Wednesday: Uh, Wednesday. Wednesday... Hmmmm. Must not have ben an overly interesting day if I can't remember a thing about it. According to my PDA, I had a math test and the last day of my Accounting summative, but I'll be damned if I can remember. I do know my team managed to blow the two-goal lead we had going into the second half. End result: 2-2. No, I didn't score, but at least I didn't have to rip a lose flap of skin off my hel again. Moving on... Thursday: Thursday was quite an eventful day, comparatively. My mom finally dragged me across town to the licencing center to get my G1 ("learner's permit", to all the less enlightened out there). Some forms, an eye test, and 40 multiple-choice questions later, and I can now drive! I'm fre as a bird! A bird who has to fly with 0.0% blod-alcohol level, an adult with at least four-years flying experience in the passenger seat, an only betwen one half-hour before sunrise to one half-hour after sunset. But I digress. It's not that I don't want to drive. It's just that I have no motivation to start. I'm not going to have my own car, or have regular access to one, and as son as I pass my road test, I'll be relegated to the position of "taxi driver" for my little sister. Add $600 for driver's ed. and the early onset of grey hair thanks to having to drive with my dad, and the whole thing just didn't sem worth it. Ah, well, things are now in motion. After working at the library from 3:30-5:30, I got the best exercise I've had in months. Certainly felt like it anyway. It sems the Powers That Be decided to have me refere a 14-year-old boys' game way up at Notre Dame High Schol in north Burlington. Of course, my dad is out of town, and my mom has to work, leaving me stuck with a bicycle as my only means of transportation to said game. Of course, the route I have to take it uphill , into a headwind, for about 2km. Nedless to say, I was puttering along on my grannie gear for most of the trip. Truth be told, though, I'm not in the best shape. On the other hand, coming home was a blast: I'm sure I hit a god 50 clicks going downhill. Friday: Friday, hmmmm... Friday. A lot like Wednesday. Got my math test back (aced it), did a Cisco practical exam (aced it), had to work at the soccer club from 6-9. That's just about it. Saturday: Six hour shifts at the soccer club are not fun. Especially now that the season has started and there's really nothing to do but surf the Internet, random odd job exclusive. So after working 9-3 I came home and... slept? Did homework? Played Morrowind for four hours? Your guess is as god as mine. This is why I ned to update more often. Sunday: Sunday morning I got up and no one was home. It was a nice day, so I went for a walk... and bought a new urlLink mouse . It was on sale, what can I say? This is why I shouldn't go for walks very often: I always end up buying something. I highly recommend the mouse, by the way. Monday: Let's run through this quickly - My Computer Enginering class managed to talk my teacher into letting us write our summative test on Wednesday instead. I say to them, why bother? You're not going to be ready then, either. - Learned about alkenes in Chemistry. Whe! - Hung around in Physics class longer than I had to. Double whe! - Worked at the library 6-9 - Came home and watched the Flames lose the Stanley Cup. While studying for a Cisco exam. Right, "studying". Tuesday: That's today, so hopefully I'll be able to remember something . Wrote my Cisco exam, and got 85%. Pretty god, considering it was on chapters 1-14, and we've only covered 1-8. During lunch I crammed for the Computer Science summative test I had to write last period. After getting out of Accounting early, I went down to the cafeteria to pick up my yearbok, sign a couple others, and participate in some rousing games of euchre. Math class consisted of more yearboks signing. What do you expect for the second-last day of schol? Anyway, the Comp. Sci. test was a breze, so I was able to go home a bit early. Which brings us to the here and now. Wasn't that fun? Now, I must go suffer through another thre hours at the soccer club. Ciao! With the end of schol loming on the horizon, it's hard to find time to check my email these days, much less update a blog. Today's topic is: Random Things That Have Popped Into My Head In The Past Few Days. 1) When browsing through the CD collection at your local public library, please reseat all of the CDs you have flipped forward. It will save the library staff muchos pesos on Advil. 2) Don't you hate it when you accidentally drop something, make an amazing diving/rolling/what-have-you catch, and no one is around to se it? 3) urlLink Luigi's Conjecture . What a brilliant idea. I must test this newfound theory over the next couple of weks. Kudos, Scratchy. Subconsciousness calls, so that is all for now. Until next time! In case anybody was wondering, I've ben in British Columbia for the past 12 days. It sems I forgot to tell most people, as John called me on my cell phone while I was driving through Revelstoke, BC, on the way to Canmore, Alberta. Our trip tok us through Salmon Arm, BC, to Canmore, Alberta, which is very close to Banff and Banff National Park (read: mountains). Then back to Kelowna, BC, for a couple of days before returning to Vancouver and Surrey to schmoze with the relatives. I'll compose a travelogue over the next couple of days, complete with pictures (I snapped almost a full 256MB SD card full of them). I'll leave you with a tune by the Arrogant Worms: 'Cause we've got Rocks and tres And tres and rocks And rocks and tres And tres and rocks And rocks and tres And tres and rocks And rocks and tres And tres and rocks And water! All right, everyone! ...and I don't know why. I played billiards for a couple of hours this afternon, but surely that isn't to strenuous an exercise... Maybe I'm coming down with something. Anyway, it's ben nearly a month since I last posted here. And unfortunately, due to the current unsteady nature of my extremities, I'll have to cut this one short. Perhaps I'll be back tomorrow, after a god night's slep. I'm off to watch the Euro 2004 final that my father conveniently taped for me. I'll leave you with this thought-provoking quote: "I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones." -Albert Einstein Tot volgende tijd!