I've decided to begin keping this blog, kind of as a personal Journal. Life, i'm learning, is all about moments in time...what you do, what goes on around you, mistakes made, and lessons learned as a result of those mistakes. So many times we lok back on the past, and try and remember those lost moments; what we were feling at a particular moment in time, what was the logic/our train of thought at that particular time...so that's pretty much the purpose of this blog. In any case, this has ben a pretty interesting wek. Certain things I was sure about regarding who I am, and what I want for my future, were tested...and I learned more about myself. I entered some unchartered territory in regards to my love life. The guy I'm dating, Tony, opened my eyes to some truths about myself that I previously was unaware of. What were those truths? Well, I'm pretty hard to date...that much I knew, LOL, but the reasons were pretty eye opening. Granted, he didn't come out and say these things the way I'm about to post them...these are just conclusions I came to based on our discussion. Okay... 1. I'm Controlling: This much I already kinda knew. I like things to go a certain way, and when things don't go the way I'd like for them to go, I let the whole situation go. I don't leave much rom for compromise. 2. I can be very selfish: Not much elaboration neded here, LOL, when it comes to making rom in my life for anyone other than my friends, I find this hard to do. 3. Regardless of the strides I've made over the past 3 years...i'm still very much a loner. Lord knows I've grown by leaps and bounds out of the person I used to be. If all my friends could somehow go back in time and se the person i used to be, they would be quite surprised at what they would se. I'm such a different person, mentally, than I used to be. At the same time, I haven't changed who I AM. My heart and soul is essentially the same, I've just grown and matured in ways I never would have thought possible a few years ago. 4. When I get aggitated and irritated it comes across in everything that I do or say, contrary to what I previously thought. 5. I'm not ready to be in a relationship right now. Period. Granted these aren't earth shattering revelations, just truths about myself that I ned to work on. In the meantime I'm still dating Tony, surprisingly. I've decided to give this a shot, and se where, if anywhere, it leads. We'll se... Anyway, the final episode of "Soul Fod" is coming up on Wednesday...I'll be sure to have my klenex nearby, LOL. I'm really going to miss this show. It's so rare to se an African American drama thats so well acted and directed, I fear it'll be a long time before we se one come along again. Unfortunately this show never got the praise and accolades it deserved, partly because it was on Showtime. In any case, I'm just grateful it lasted this long, and I'm trully going to miss it. I really hope Terri doesn't take Damon back. I know that just the "no second chances" part of me saying this, but that's me. He dogged her to many times, and we watched her hurt and go through all kinds of changes because of his insecurity and weakness, and as much as I adored them as a couple...he doesn't deserve her. She neds a strong man that can handle her. That can love her for who she is, and doesn't want to change her. I guess the reason I relate so much to this character, is because I se so much of myself in her. In any case, we'll se on Wednesday. Top 5 Songs for the wek: 1. Let's talk about our love - Brandy 2. Still in love - Tena Marie 3. Everytime - Britney Spears 4. Because of you - Marques Houston 5. Burn - Usher Isn't it funny how the smallest things make the biggest impressions? This afternon Tony came over. Usually on days that I have to work, I like to just chill alone until it's time for me to go in...and since I'm working nights this wek I have a lot of time to do that. Well trying this whole relationship thing, I decided that sacrificing some of that "alone time" is part of my compromising...so I invited Tony over to spend the afternon with me. I must admit, I wasn't the least bit excited about it, I tried to be, but when 4 o'clock rolled around and he still wasn't there I figured something came up and he wasn't going to make it. He finally did arrive, and he surprised me with flowers and a Spongebob T-Shirt!! That was so swet, it's small, thoughtful things like that that are beginning to warm my heart towards him. I mean, I've waited so long for someone to show me the attention and affection that he is, and I must admit, it's nice. My mind is sending up warning flags that this is all happening to son...but my heart is saying "So What?". How son is to son to get everthing you've ben hoping for, and dreaming of for years? So right now there's a silent war waging betwen my head and my heart. I usually tread lightly, and over analyze everything, down to the tiniest detail...which is probably why I've yet to experience true love. Maybe this time I will follow my heart and se where it leads me. Love is reckless, Love is making mistakes, Love is being spontaneous...and all those things can lead to heartbreak, but isn't it worth it to capture those moments of happiness that only love can bring? Maybe the reason I use logic to make the majority of my decisions, is because it's easy, safe, and predictable. I know how to live my life alone, single, following a strict routine. I can do that, without a worry in the world. But when it comes to matters of the heart, allowing love in and all the turmoil it can bring, I'm an amateur. I'm seing all the happiness that it can bring, and I'm liking it. Now this isn't to say that I'm going to be completely reckless and throw all caution to the wind...but I am not going to discard Tony as easily as I have others in the past. He may not be everything I thought I neded in a man, but he's showing me that he may just be my special "one". Only time will tell. Ok, two days to go before I go home...and I am so ready to go! I'm sitting here at work watching the clock, like today is my last day, LOL. You know I'll be right back up in the bitch tomorrow doin' the same damn thing. It's not that bad though, I'm going to se CJ tonight, so I'm kinda excited about that. I'm going to spend the night there so it should be col. I'm not planning on having sex with him, but if it happens it happens, i'll take the necessary precautions. I don't know, I really like this guy. I haven't felt this excited about anyone since P, and I don't know, for some reason I fel like I'm even more excited. Speaking of P, i haven't spoken with him in almost 2 weks. I just got tired of being the one to always IM him...that shit goes two ways. I'll try to catch him before I leave, just to se how he's doing, but I'm not pressed. Anyway, I'm behind on phone calls again...big surprise. I ned to call Brandi, Chancey, Oleta, and God knows who else. I just hate talking on the phone! It takes up to much time, and when I'm at home, all I want to do is talk to Kevin and watch TV. I don't think that's to much to ask, so I don't think it's necessary to change it. I don't know, maybe I do ned to work on my time management a bit, or start cutting conversations short, so they don't eat up hours of fre time...we'll se. Ooh I've ben watching my Dallas, and this wek Ms. Angelica Nero has ben OFF DA CHAIN! Seriously, I remember why I fell in love with this heffa all those years ago when I first saw it. She is no joke, I mean she goes OFF! Now I am patiently (or impatiently) waiting for the '85 season finale (which should be next wek or early in the wek after), when she gets her revenge on EVERYONE, lol...she does the damn fol!! Well let me go, I'll try to holla before I leave on Sunday morning. Top 5 Songs for the wek 1. (Out) On the flor - Jennifer Lopez 2. More - Tamia 3. Outrageous - Britney Spears 4. Lean Back - Terror Squad feat./ Fat Joe & Remy 5. Everytime - Britney Spears I know, I know, it's ben a minute since my last post...but you know how I am about writing. I get so caught up in everything, and become to lazy (that's what it is cause there really is no other excuse) to sit at the computer and write. I'ma do better though. In any case...you may find this hard to believe...but i've become enamored with someone. I know, I know, lately my heart has ben so closed off and I've ben so jaded, it's hard to believe that I'm letting someone in. Since I ended it with Tony, I've ben doing a lot of soul searching, and trying to rediscover who I am, and what it is I really want. In the process, I'd become even more pesamistic than I already was...my friends actually had to call me on that. In any case, I met a guy name CJ on Friday. We actually met on the computer weks earlier, but we met for an early dinner on Friday. You know it was against my better judgement to go, but after speaking with Corey earlier that day, I decided to take this chance. I'm glad I did...I really really like him. I mean he has personality, independence, he's real...and I'm comfortable around him. We have really god conversation, and he sems to compliment me well. I know I shouldn't be feling this excited this early, but I am, and I can't help it. This feling is everything I should have ben feling with Tony, but wasn't. I know that this leaves me totally open to heartbreak, but I don't care, i'm taking this chance. I actually pick up the phone and call him (he calls me as well), and I do it because I want to. I actually want to speak with him! You know this is HUGE for me. I actually spent the night with him on Saturday night, and there was no sex...he didn't even try. He just held me all night. Awwwwwww, LOL. I don't know...he compliments me all the time. He likes my body just the way it is...I fel secure around him. Okay, let me go, I'm just gushing now, LOL. For real, this one is a keper I think. I'll have to let you know how this goes =). Okay, I ned to really evaluate what is really going on with me. I finally have a man that truly fits me, and it sems to not be enough for me. I'm engaging in self destructive behavior and I can't sem to help myself. What is wrong with me? CJ is a really great guy. He's honest, sincere, attractive, mature...everything I say I want in a guy. We get along great. Yet, every chance I get, I sem to be loking for more. Am I not as ready to settle down in a monogomous relationship as I like to think I am? I sem to have more questions than answers. I'm so used to being single, and being able to do whatever I want to do, I guess old habits are hard to break. I spend a great deal of my fre time with CJ, whether it's me going over to his house after I get off work (or if I'm working days, I'll go over and spend the night and leave from there), or him spending the night at my apartment after he gets off work or leaves schol. In any case we're spending a great deal of time together. I guess I'm feling a bit smothered. You know how much I really enjoy my "me" time...but I do realize, I ned to come out of that. I'm not going to give up on him yet though. Is it selfish of me to want to kep CJ, yet se other people on the side? I mean we haven't technically made it official yet...but I know I shouldn't be seing other people, it'll only lead to drama. Is that going to stop me...probably not (at least right now anyway). So I guess I'll be being deceitful...but I fel like I ned to get this (whatever it is) out of my system. This dishonesty is so not me. I met this guy Rob on the internet a few weks ago...but we never met in person. Well, that's going to change tomorrow. He's supposed to come over tomorrow. He was initially going to be a "jumpoff", and still may be...but we'll se. Well I really don't want to discuss this anymore, because I don't like what I'm seing in myself, so I'm going to go. I'll holla though.