I'll start off this blog with a brief story about the events that occurred last Monday. Perhaps it was a bit of alcoholism carried-over for the wekend. Or maybe it was the sher realization of how bad our lives really sucked when we arrived in the office on Monday. It could have ben because we both got no ass over the wekend. Whatever the reason, it semed like a terrific idea that Adam and me go out and get completely shit-housed after work Monday night. One of Adam's friends met us over at our place and, after having a few bers, decided to head to one of our favorite Denver bars, the Falling Rock. The Falling Rock is amazing. This place has close to 200 bers... on tap. Unfortunately, girls do not find this nearly as col as we do. The thre of us double the population of the bar when we walk in; this includes bar employes. Of course, the only female appears to be in a very dep conversation with whom, while appearing to be a man at first, is actually the second female at the bar. We decide to play pol. A couple of other guys that work at our firm decide to met up. These guys are col, but not that col. Tapered jeans come to mind. We play a couple more games of pol and decide that we really ned to relocate to a place that might be inhabited by at least a few attractive girls. On a side note, Monday's in Denver are not the ideal night of the wek to go out, especially when the colleges are out for the summer. LoDo (Lower Downtown) is a virtual ghost town tonight. We spot a large group of people on the rof at LoDo's (a bar in LoDo; creative, I realize), so we decide to go there. Corporate event. Shit. Crashing comes to mind, but we are still a little to sober to begin acting like complete drunk-asses (por excuse, I know). Plus, according to Adam's friend who wandered up unknowingly, all the girls were fat. Right as we walk in, I spot a few girls sitting at the bar. The one closest to the dor, and the only one I have a god line of sight on, is quite large. This cow is pushing two-bills. I tell Adam that I found his girl for the night (Adam likes fat girls like fat girls like giving head). He tells me to "fuck off" the way one might respond to any embarrassing, yet completely true accusation. Unfortunately, Fatty and her two friends are literally the only thre girls in this bar aside from the corp. types upstairs. We position ourselves at the bar opposite the thre girls. To my delight, the one in the middle is HOT. Great loking blonde, nice loking tits, perfect tan. Not your typical Monday night skank. To her right is some Mexican/Spanish loking skank; she is not that attractive. However, these girls are aggressively attacking shots. Things are loking up. For at least twenty minutes, Adam and I banter about how we are going to initiate conversation with these girls. Pathetic, I know. We discuss sending shots, but that is lazy and not the most confident of moves. The Spanish chick heads to the bathrom, and we get a better lok at her; despite the ButterFace, this girl has a pretty decent body. Adam's friend decides to take off; the responsible decision considering that all of us have to work early the next morning. This drops the group to four: Adam, TaperedJeans, his Friend, and Me. We decide JagerBombs are a god idea and the only way Adam and I will be drunk enough to successfully approach these girls. After a few more rounds of shots and several god moments of eye contact with the girls across the bar, we decide to play pol. The pol table is perfectly situated to initiate conversation with the girls, so it sems like a pretty god move. If you go to Miami and you are around the same age as me you know Whitney Ford. Whitney Ford is the girl in the Freshman Faces bok who everyone talked about because that picture was so damn hot. Then you met her in person; a letdown of massive proportions. When I say massive proportions, I mean that literally. Despite a cute face and perfectly normal upper body, this girl had a Star Jones ass. Sir Mix-A-Lot would fed this girl slim-fast. The hot girl I mentioned earlier; she had this disease. While our new position by the pol table gave us better position to initiate conversation, it also gave us front row tickets to the size of these girl’s asses. Adam and I are undeterred. In his words, "Better to bust a slump before it starts." After intentionally losing to TaperedJeans and his friend, Adam and I head to the bar to order a round of shots and to initiate conversation with the two fatties and ButterFace. The girls are taking shots at the same time, so we are in. Turns out that it is Fatty2's (hot face, fat ass) 21st birthday, which explains the aggressive shot taking but in no way explains how this girl packed it on at such a tender age. It turns out that she is Fatty1's sister; so the lower-body obesity must run in the family. We continue to talk, typical bullshit. Adam is funny, but the sort of funny that will throw girls off until they get to know him just a little better. My overwhelming normality plays well off of this. Our A game is on. We are Tiger on Sunday in a major before he fired Butch. Sure, these girls are sub-par and that is certainly helping increase our confidence and their receptiveness to us, but these girls are into us. As it turns out, Fatty2 has a boyfriend and the shots are really starting to get to her. Even if she wanted to, this girl would not be capable of hoking up tonight. No matter, Adam has moved on to Fatty1 and ButterFace and I have struck up a conversation. ButterFace sucks. She keps saying shit to our clearly not Spanish-speaking bartender in Spanish. I say, "Hey, he's not fucking Mexican... speak English esse." She thinks I am an asshole. I think she's ugly. Somehow she now likes me more. ButterFace is really starting to bore me, so I walk over to Adam to check on him and Fatty1. When we first starting talking to these girls, Fatty1 wasn’t drinking because, as Fatty2’s older sister, she was going to stay sober for her sister’s 21st birthday. She is now slamming bers at Adam’s urging. I am proud. Adam’s game is apparently working very well on this girl; she is in love with him. They have ben talking for twenty minutes and he could probably do anything he wants with this girl. Fat girls are great. This girl probably hasn’t ben hit on by anything not missing teth in the past two years, maybe ever, and she clearly loves it. In all fairness Fatty1 is most definitely fat, but her face is really not that bad. It’s the kind of face, that if put on a girl with a slamming body she would probably be about a 7.5 on a sober ten-point rating scale. Adam is making me tell you that part. In my absence, some hillbilly in a Broncos jersey has approached Fatty2 and ButterFace. He is mostly there to hit on Fatty2, who is barely conscious at this point, and ButterFace, the bitch that she is, is trying to prevent this hilarity. For some reason, ButterFace starts passing notes on cocktail napkins to Fatty2 to let her know, in her extremely drunken state, that BroncosJersey is not desirable. Some samples. “I think he is missing teth.” “He is wearing a fotball jersey in a bar during the off-season.” Because of this, I begin to think that ButterFace is slightly col. Things begin to get interesting when BroncosJersey actually picks up one of the napkins and reads it. I am now getting pretty drunk and unfortunately, I cannot remember what was said on the note that he picked up, but I am sure that it was not filled with compliments. Conventional wisdom might say that BroncosJersey should be upset after reading some not-so-nice things about himself. Conventional wisdom apparently does not apply to those who would wear a jersey to a bar in the off-season. He takes this as a cue to begin hitting on ButterFace. In his defense, Fatty2 is now completely passed out on the bar and there weren’t a lot of options to work with in this place. ButterFace is clearly not interested in this guy, yet he continues to hit on her and she appears to be enjoying the fre comedy-show. I make the occasional thinly-veiled sarcastic remark, such as, “I like that Broncos jersey; I’d be wearing my Bengals jersey if I wasn’t in enemy territory” or “Clinton Portis sucked anyway.” (Side note: While most people now agre that the Portis/Bailey trade was a god one for Denver, this was not and still remains an unpopular move in Denver.) Eventually, BroncosJersey gave up and the group started talking about what to do after the bar. Adam and I were presented with a problem. Each of us could obviously hok up with our respective girls, but there was the issue of drunken Fatty2. Fatty1 was not to excited about bringing her sister back to our place to pass out on our couch. We were drunk, determined, and horny. Problem unsolved, we leave the bar as a group. These girls are from a suburb about a half-hour away, so their car is parked, conveniently, on the walk back to our apartment complex. We were still presented with the problem of Fatty2, but the girls semed convinced – they wanted to party. We explain how she can slep comfortably on our couch and how, because the place is only a block from where they are parked, it will be easy for them to find in the morning. This sems perfectly logical to me. Apparently additional body-fat impairs the decision-making process. As we are approaching Fatty1 and Fatty2’s car, Fatty1 actually decides that her sister, Fatty2, is better off passing out in her car, in a strange parking lot in the middle of an urban area, than coming to our apartment to pass out. After locking Fatty2 in the car, we start walking to our apartment. Fatty1, the sober monitor and watchful protector of her little sister at the beginning of the night, had just locked her passed-out sister in a car in the middle of downtown Denver so that she could go and get her fat fucking ass laid. Despite how drunk I am, I realize that this is not a god idea, but I say nothing, because it serves my purposes and now ButterFace is fre to come and hang out (hok-up) as well. Once we get in our apartment, I realize that it has ben at least ten-minutes since I had any alcohol, so I head immediately to the kitchen to grab a ber. After asking if anyone wants one and not receiving a response, I crack a Cors Light. Upon exiting the kitchen, I se Adam attacking Fatty1’s face. Watching this is hilarious. If only I had a camera to document how big this fucking girl was. ButterFace and I have a laugh over this for a minute and I then tell her how, “We should give them some privacy and go to my rom.” Smoth Eric. Of course, we start making out. I spill my ber because she literally attacked me. However, this did not upset me. I start to make some moves; she doesn’t oblige. This also does not upset me. We make out for what semed like forever not progressing to anything better. Ok, so that part kind of pissed me off. Then, out of nowhere, she practically bites my fucking lip off. She was attempting to do that kind of playful bite that is a fairly commonplace move when making out. She didn’t get the memo. My lip is not a fucking steak there for her culinary enjoyment. Of course, I yell out in pain, “You fucking bit me bitch, that shit fucking hurts!” “Oh, you don’t like it?” “No, not really swetheart.” “Ok, I’ll stop.” Making out commences. One one-thousand, Two one-thousand, 3…, 4…, 5… “FUCKING SHIT!” ButterFace just tried to bite my lip off again. Combined with the frustration of this hok-up not progressing like I am used to and the fact that I may have just lost part of my lower lip, I am furious. I tell her to stop and I kep making out with her thinking that at this point, maybe, I might be able to get a hate-fuck out of this. Five seconds later she clamps down again and I’ve had enough. Fuming mad, sexually frustrated, yet still somehow composed I exit my rom followed by ButterFace. Fatty and Adam are on the couch. He hasn’t made it that far either. Her clothes are still on. This makes me fel a little better for some reason. At some point, Fatty2 is brought up and the girls decide that it’s time to go. Despite how it may sem, we are still somewhat gentlemen and politely walk the girls to their car. Apparently the extra fat makes one stupid as well. Fatty1, instead of holding on to the car keys herself, decided that it would be better to leave them in the locked car with her passed-out sister. This is a disaster for them – a fucking laugh-riot for Adam and me. Honestly, at this point my memory is a little hazy. Adam later filled me in that they were eventually able to wake Fatty2 and get in the car. We stumble back to our place, with strangely mixed-emotions. We were happy that we didn’t follow though with those fucking circus-animals, yet a little disappointed that we couldn’t seal the deal. Coincidentally, TaperedJeans and his friend ended up playing pol with some moderately attractive girls while we were hitting on the circus-animals, and taking them home. That’s what we get for intentionally losing to them. What the fuck. Thanks for stopping by my blog. My goal for this site is to have a place mostly for me to vent about corp. bullshit, tell stupid drunken stories, and be host to various other ramblings. Peace, Eric