Heyheyhey! Hey ppl, It's another boring day at the office when the impulse hit me and led me to creating this blog. Call it boredom, call it sadness, call it an attention-deficit disorder; whatever it is, I hope U (yes U reading this blog right now) would come back in the coming days, weks, months and years (God-willing I get to live that long that is) would come back to check up on ME ! Well, I think that's it for my FIRST post...gtg back to work...I se the boss lurking about.... hahahaha I have newfound respect for women these days. (Not that I didn't have any before today that is!) Q: HOW do you women put up with LONG HAIR ? I'm currently sporting shoulder length hair and for the love of god its drivin me insane ! If I don't shampo it every 2 days, my hair starts getting greasy and my scalp turns itchy (I'll spare u the further gory details). Even if I shampo everyday, when I go to the gym and run on the treadmill, my scalp still tingles (not in a Spider-sense kinda way but more in an annoying itchy buzz) and it gets really hot under my long hair. Do u women wear a shower cap or sumthin when u take a bath ? Is it preferable NOT to wash ur hair when u shower ? (btw I wash mine every time I shower if ur thinking that I'm some mangy long haired hermit) I really have a newfound respect for women who despite having long hair, still wear their tudung or headscarves. I mean Malaysia is freakin hot enough as it is....how do you women put up with keping that mass of hair under ur headscarves ? Is there a coling mechanism built in somewhere that I'm missing ? Plus even if u don't wear head scarves, how come u can stand doing strenuous activity like running, hiking, etc with long hair ? Doesn't the itchy overheated feling just override ur concentration and make u wanna just stop and scratch that itchiness away? I don't know....come on women readers of the long-haired variety, answer my questions in the comments section for the benefit of us insensitive guys and open up a whole new world in man-woman relations ! Let us hear ur plight / success for us to understand u better! ;-p Of course, I always have the option of cutting my hair short....hhhmmmm...that sounds like a plan ! (L2R: Nain, Nazrul & Me at the 1st Wedding) urlLink urlLink With the Happy Couple: Fadhil & Azza urlLink urlLink At the 2nd wedding with our host: Shahril (I lok kinda 'stoned' in this pic!) urlLink urlLink At the 2nd Wedding with Afdlin Shauki urlLink urlLink Here's a recap of the festivities I had on Sunday, my 24th birthday. ;-p Sunday was definitely a day for mistaken identities, deja vu, double wedding celebrations, a titanic tussle of two boyfriends (more on that JUICY one laters), and a convergence of my past and the present (which is like WAY col now that I think about it). So being an 'anti SO-sial' beatch, I had originally decided to slep in late on my birthday and like wake up midday then just waste away the day watching dvd boxed sets of WW2 (it's a god one as well being Steven Spielberg's / Tom Hank's Band of Brothers, but definitely NOT something u wanna do on ur birthday right ?) Neways, Nazrul,a god mate of mine from Edinburgh (who's currently back for summer hols) decided that wasting away watching DVDs is no way to spend the special day. So he poked and prodded me into going to 2 wedding receptions. One reception being our former Edinbra (that's how the Scots pronounce Edinburgh btw ppl) mate's and another being some political big wig's daughter's wedding. (One thing to note about Nazrul, he's a social climber and am really god with people of all ages and cred. So that makes him a god politician candidate, no ?)--Jgn mare Nazrul wei! ;-p I felt really2 bad agreing to go to 2 weddings since I had originally declined going to one already, which is my office mate's brother's wedding. The first one went off without a hitch as the happy couple had a great wedding reception and I managed to met up with more Edinbra mates. (it's always a god thing to met up ppl from ur past and se how much they've changed, etc. etc. ) I was dreading the second one since I did not know the bride and grom, and my friend 'barely' knew this political big wig. But it was held at Seri Melayu, an authentic Malay cuisine establishment so what the hell...I could always go for the fre fod , non ? Well, I guess someone up there must've ben having a god chuckle as I entered the second wedding reception. I did a double take as I saw the bride and grom and had a mini-Friendster moment. Somehow, this wedding reception is the same reception I had originally declined to go to (the one held for my office mate's brother)! Hahaha...what I'd do to have a picture of my face as a sense of deja vu and realization dawned upon my anti SO-sial brain. So I kinda got double invitations to the same wedding, one from the grom's side and another from the bride's side. It was really col to se my past (MY Edinbra mates) converge with my present (my office colleagues) in one auspicious ceremony. After the double weddings, we hung out around KLCC and met up with more Edinbra mates. It was god to hang out with some ppl my age after being SO disconnected from life. I blame myself at the end of the day for not making more of an effort to go out and re-connect with past friends and stuff, u know.... Neways, one chickmate of mine brought along her current squeze to the gathering. To make matters more interesting, midway, her old/current flame (I don't know, matters of the heart are like SO complicated I guess u gotta really ask her who THIS guy is to her nowadays) also joined us. We sure did have a fun time seing the titanic tussle betwen two testosterone-induced love-mad males..... one was abrupt and distant all night long while the other was easygoing and semed to relish the challenge. I don't know who u'll end up chosing girl but if I were u, I'd go with the more easygoing guy....don't know how god he is in bed tho' so that might be a minus...hahahahahaha ;-p Neways, I've rambled long enough, I had a really, really great time yesterday and would like to thank everyone that made it a superb birthday fer me. It's sure was one of the colest I've had in quite some time. (*NiK's conscience* How SAD is that proclamation ? Jez do I ned to get out more or what?) It made me realise that I might be missing a significant other in my life currently, but with friends this god (Edinbra mates/Office mates/etc.), I don't mind not being tied down with a lady for the mean time! ;-p 24 years ago, on this very date, in small KL clinic, a couple was miraculously bestowed with a baby boy. Unbeknownst to them, this was no regular baby; for he was the last descendant of a civilization from a mirror galaxy millions of miles away, which was on the brink of extinction. Through the wonders of the alternate earth's pseudo-magi-science, they managed to transport only ONE person out of the planet onto our Earth. This boy was a culmination of a millenia of culture and science, all packaged into one single being. The last hope of Krypton, meant to be their best and the bravest. Hard-wired with enough nano-technology in his blodstream to be able to leap tall buildings, stop bullets cold in its tracks and run faster than a KL Komuter.... Fast forward to 24 years later and the year is 2004. Now the boy has all but grown up into a man. By day, he is a mild-mannered corporate flunky; working in the sub-caverns of a non-descript money-making, profit capitalizing investment bank. But by night he is a creature of darkness; an avenger of justice; a beacon of hope for the victims of the denizens of the dark alleys of KL, He is.....NiK! Hahahahahahha ...seriously tho, today's the day I add another year to my application forms and another year I get closer to the big 30 (well it is still a long time yet right ? I mean 6 years is like so.... then again, that's what I said when I was like 18) SO I'm 24 today. And loking back past this one year, I've grown and changed a lot. I finally ended my studying days (which funnily enuff, I am ONLY starting to miss now, A LOT!) Started my life as a working adult ( u know the whole rigmarole of waking up early to go to work, get stuck in a jam, face ur boss & colleagues, have lunch with office mates, etc.) Finally start earning a living for myself (which is never enough and always ends by the 2nd wek of the month), etc. etc. So if I was someone else loking at myself, I'd say I'm doing great, (I don't mean to brag here) but I think I've got : a great job with god future prospects for growth (eventho it's not the field I wanted to do when I was in college), a great family who loves and supports me, gotten re-acquainted with some of my old friends and made new networks at work, drive a nice car (eventho it's a 20 year old Mercedes...hey it's a Merc baby!).... so what am I missing ? Well, truthfully, I'd say.... a girl to call my own.... *Start RANT* I'm like SO politically incorrect, allright the correct term would be significant other or woman but hey, 'girl to call my own' just rolls of the tongue better than 'significant other to call my own' innit? And I'm sexist enough to call a woman a girl...so sue me..shesh ! *End RANT* So that'd be the first thing on my 'Things To Do' list for this 24th year then....get in a relationship with a girl who understands this weird alien from another mirror dimension who has an affinity for socially-inhibiting activies such as playing fantasy card games, watching foreign dvds, reading comic boks, etc. I mean how hard is it to find a woman who digs all that right ? ;-p *NiK's conscience* I think u gotta lay off those socially-inhibiting activities first buddy before ur even date-worthy. I mean have u ever taken a lok at urself recently ? Dude ! *NiK's brain* Note to self: Add finding a NEW conscience to 'Things to do' list.... ;-p P.S. Thank you to everyone who wished me Happy Birthday thru text, call, in person and even one owl mail (Chers Harry P...I reall appreciate it...could've done without the Chocolate Frogs tho' I'm like WAYYYY scared of frogs!) :-) Idle Hands are the Devils Friends! urlLink urlLink It's 2 a.m. on a Saturday night and I'm still online. I can't say that I just got back from some club or summat cos I haven't. Neways, this post isn't gonna be about my lack of a social life on Saturday nights, I'm sure I'll cover that in therapy next time I se my shrink ! ;-p Seriously tho' I just felt like talking about how TIME can change you, and ur outlok on the world. Here's something I wrote about 6 months ago when I just started my working life and started facing the trials and tribulations of being an adult. It's ben on my Friendster 'About Me' profile part for ages and I fel, now with greater perspective, it's time for a change; neways lets welcome Nik from 6 months ago, ppl: Testing 1, 2, 3! Houston, I think we have a problem here. Standing by for command from Ground Control. ;-p