So yours truly was in Southern California this past wek to visit with some folks and of course try and find a game. Sure enough I was able to stir one up with Ruel, Dave and Coffe at Ruel &amp; Dave's pad. Check out their blog urlLink here . Here's how I remember the action that went down. We started with just Dave, Ruel and myself in a little $5 tourney. There weren't to many fireworks early on. Though I do remember loking down to find a pair of 3's in my hand. Not nearly as large as the aces I'm used to, but I'll play em. The thre of us call and we've got a family pot, when the flop comes 6 K 3. Wo Ho to that. I'm on the button with Dave under the gun. He bets, Ruel folds and I raise. I'm just hoping he has a K. Even better a strong K, or even better yet a hand like AK or K6. Well it must not have ben the case cause he folded. No matter I still tok down the pot and showed my set of 3's. Hoping to do a little advertising for my bluffing opportunities later on. About 20 minutes later I'm in the small blind with the chip lead and lok down to find a pair of 2's. What to do? Shorthanded this is still a hand that neds a lot of work. I limp in in hopes making my set. Again we've got a family pot and the flop comes 6 2 9. Now bells, whistles and the occasional kazo are going off in my head. I can't believe this. Dave bets, Ruel on the short stack pushes all in and I re-raise to put Dave all in. What a pot! Dave calls and turns over his pocket Kings. Ruel turns over his flush draw, and they both grimace at my might 2's. With no help on the turn or the river, I'm crowned the winner of that little tourney. But since there was no actual crown present at the time I settle for another Anchor Steam. The next game: Coffe shows up a little later and we play again, this time it comes down to Ruel and Dave head to head in a battle for the crown, er ber. Ruel tok home the prize. For that hand please refer to the above link, cause I can't remember everything. Quite honestly I got knocked out early by Dave when I made a stone cold bluff with Ace high and he beat me with a pair. Moving on: After finally having enough with all the tournament action we move on to a god ol' fashion cash game. We all buy in for a hefty $5 in chips and the action is on. Right off the bat I lok down at a pair of Jacks. I raise to Dave, he folds, Coffe calls and Ruel folds. I'm just waiting for the flop, with my luck tonight I'm gonna spike two Jacks on the flop and be untouchable, right? Well the flop comes 10 A 3. What the hell is this? This isn't what we planned. Well, Coffe called my preflop raise of $1 so I gotta put him on at least a big Q. Something like Q J, Q K or Q 10. Please, please, please, please have Q 10. So I raise again to try and se where I'm at. He calls right away. I gotta put him on an Ace now. Or is it a 10? The Turn is a K. Shit! Now I'm really in trouble. If I wasn't beaten before with that Ace it surely is loking grim now. If I'm right and he has Q J well then folks he just made the nut straight. Or with a hand like K 10 it's 2 pair. Not much to do here except check. Coffe bets $2. Interesting bet. Is he trying to sucker me in here or buy this thing cheap. I don't know. The smart thing would just be to lay it down and wait for a better spot to make a move. So I move all in and put the pressure back on him. Well without blinking his eye he calls. Wouldn't you know it that motherf***** turned over pocket aces!!!! Doesn't he know you're supposed to lay those down against me? The river wasn't a Jack, even if it was I would've lost as I was drawing virtually dead on the flop. So now I'm broke and reaching into my pocket for another rebuy. Next hand, no kidding the very next hand I find AK also known as the Santa Barbara. (Ace King is popularly known as Big Slick, but less known as the Santa Barbara due to the oil rigs that leak oil onto the coast of Santa Barbara. Ever ben to Hendry's Beach?) After a pre flop raise, everyone folds except Coffe. He's become a real thorn in my side and he's not quitting. Well the flop comes K 8 3 of diamonds, I've got none. But I do have top pair with a great kicker so I decide to move all in and make him pay to draw to his flush. Well he calls!!! And turns over the A 10 of diamonds. I ned to running Kings to win but those never materialize and I'm out again. Back to the pocket for $10 this time. I decide that if I'm gonna make a run at the chip leader and in order to do that I'm gonna have to have a healthy stack. Along with a new stack I ned to tighten my play. Not that I was playing to lose, Coffe was just out flopping me. Maybe I was playing just a little to reckless. I'm in the big blind and find K 6 off. Dave folds, Coffe calls from the button as does Ruel. The flop comes A 6 4 and Ruel checks. I bet hoping to force Coffe out of the pot by representing an Ace. He calls, Ruel folds and we move to the Turn. The 6 of clubs hits the board. No flush, no straight and I just made a set. Bogie wogie! I check to Coffe hoping he'll put another bet in the pot. He checks. Interesting. Is he slow playing a big Ace? I don't know. After the flop I was hoping he didn't have and Ace, after the flop I was praying he did. What to do? Why would check an Ace on the button? Only to trap me later was the only thing I could think. The river brought the 10 of diamonds and I bet 1 US dollar. Coffe to my surprise raised, he made it $2 back to me. What had happened? There was now way I could put him on a set here. A set of 10's? No way. I re-raise it $2 back. His eyes lit up in confusion, then I knew he didn't have a set. He called and I turned over my 6. "Set of 6's" He was just about to turn his over when he said "Shit" and spike them into the muck. I know he had that Ace, I think A 10 from the way he bet it at the river, but I never saw them so we'll never know. But after taking a big chunk out his stack I was feling god about my chip position and proceded to run over everyone the rest of the game. I honest think I only lost one pot from then on. It was when Ruel flopped the whel against my two pair, 2's and 4's. The truck was rollin and I was picking up pot after pot. I had 8,3 off against my enemy of the night when the flop came 9 4 4. I had nothing, but I bet $2 and Coffe was considering a call. "Big bet Timmy." he said "What are you supposed to do with the nuts?" I responded Shortly after he mucked his Ace and I tok it down. I just assume he had an Ace as he was getting them all night. The final hand: I was monster stacked against Coffe and Ruel with Ruel on the button and found A 3 of diamonds. I called from the small blind, Coffe moved all in, Ruel did as well and I called. This was it, at 1 am I was tired and trying to clean these boys out. Coffe turned over Q 10 off, Ruel had K J off. No help for anyone on the flop. Or turn. Until the river brought an....... Ace! It was god enough for me. It was great time playing cards with boys. Just like we used to every Tuesday night. Hell I even wore my Tuesday Night Poker League visor. Thanks boys. Plus with all the money I won, I can buy a new one. By Pocket Aces Well it’s ben a while since the last installment of your favorite poker report. But never fear there has ben a lot of poker played. Some wins some losses and some calls and plays you just can’t believe. Let me start with the first of the games played since our last action. This was a tournament in Broklyn. This was also the largest game I’ve played in to date. About 30 players or so buy in for $20 each and with thre full tables we’re ready to rock. We’ve got unlimited rebuys in the first hour and blinds increasing every 30 minutes or so. Erin and I arrive, pay our twenty clams and draw out of a bowl for table and position. I end up at table 2 in seat 5 and Erin at table 3 in seat 3. And away we go. -Side note: This tournament was organized as a benefit of sorts. One of the players in the league I play in lost his daughter in a horrible car accident. She was in the parking lot of a grocery store and some asshole was moving his car at 35 mph and hit her. So he developed this tournament to raise money for the family and funeral costs, etc. Also John, another player spent the wek in Las Vegas at the World Series of Poker. So instead of lots of prize money the winners also would have their chosing of various poker prizes. For example there was "Super System" signed by the legendary Doyle Brunson himself. A deck of cards used in the actual World Series. Cards autographed by the likes of Sam Farha, Jesus Ferguson, Howard Lederer and others. And away we go… We were underway and I was doing well, staying above water. Taking my share of pots but none very huge. About 45 minutes in I lok down to find two lovely ladies staring back at me. My first real hand all day. I raise and everyone folds around to Richie on my right. (This is the same guy who I finished behind in the last tournament when he won 1st, and I tok home the silver. I know him as a tight player, but a very god one as well) Richie goes all in with a little more in his stack than I have. I know he’s a solid player but without much info to go on, since we haven’t sen the flop I gotta think he’s got two big cards. But are they bigger than my two quens? I have some thinking to do. How can I give up this hand now? But without much more hesitation I call. I’m thinking that he very may well have a bigger pair but more likely he’s got big slick or Ax suited. So if he doesn’t have a bigger pair I’m still a favorite to win this hand. Well he turns over two cowboys and I don’t like that in the least. With no help from the board I’m forced to rebuy. I’m a steaming a little after that beat, but I gotta play those ladies in that position just about every time. So now I’m back in the action. And believe it or not my rebuy of $2000 in chips doesn’t make me short stacked at the table so I like that a lot. I don’t remember to much more of the tournament. It was awhile ago, but I can tell you how I finished. So I sit around for while as people begin to knock each other out without risking to much in the middle. I’ve really ben mixing it up today and so far it sems to be working. I bluffed a major pot. I went all in after the flop with 8 6 off suit. Everyone folded their pre flop raises and I tok a big pot. Otherwise I tried to sit tight and not make to many mistakes. We’re down to two tables with 6 people at mine and 5 at the other. Everyone is just trying to hang on and make it to the final table of 10. I’m on the button and lok down to find A, Q of diamonds. It gets around to me after everyone limps in and I move all in with $16,800 to go. The player to my left calls, everyone else folds. Marion on my left, the woman who used to be a man, turns over a pair of Jacks and I curse. I don’t like that cause now I’m in trouble. Even though she’s only a slight favorite I have a feling in my gut that this is it. And with no diamonds on the flop my hopes of a flush are flushed down the drain. Now I ned a Quen or an Ace to stay alive. No help on the turn and now I’m out of my chair and yelling at the deck for my card. But alas the deck wasn’t listening and that was it for me. So I busted out on the bubble in 11th place. Ain’t that about a bitch? Yup, I reckon so. But I tok comfort in the fact that I played my hands correctly and sometimes the rays of luck just don’t shine on you. Oh well, I’ll get em next time.