Yea i dont think things are ever gunna be the same. fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck! I'm such a fucking ass hole. If i woulda kept my mouth shut or at least ben pesimistic. what the hell made me optimistic on that day of all days. i mean it never works out so why even hope. This is prolly just me overreacting once again. Im such a bastard. Im afraid thing not not ever be the same betwen us. I dunno, it just fels kinda akward. I really hope thing work out but whatever. Just a fucking loser that screws everything up. Every so often i fel like killing myself again. You may be asking yourself "Again?" Yup, I have attemped suicide. I would tell u the story of what happened but its crap and completely not worth my or your time. Oh man I tell ya im such a fucking spaz. I over react with little stuff and then my over reaction makes other peps fel bad then i fel bad cuz i made them and its a never ending cycle. Yea im just an all around bad person: Im cynical, pesimistic, boring, ugly and fat. And why the hell would anyone want to even talk to me?!?!?!? Im such a fucking bastard. AARRRRRGGGGGG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! well i started this new blog to just clear my mind, let it all hang out and if ppl se it whatever its all god but i'll just asume that no one is seing this. Ok, so today was fun, I woke up, watched ping pong on the olympics, then around thre I had to go to my trumpet lesson. When I got back I had the sudden urge to skateboard, so I went out back and started messing around as usual. But thats when it happened I landed an ollie on cement. It was my first and I was jubilent. So I was outside for two hours just doing ollies. Then I went in side for a bit. Then I went back outside and did more ollies then I landed a 180 ollies I was jubilent again. Then, accidentally I did and ollie to pop shove it, what had happened was: I was doing an ollie, then as I landed the board did a shove it so I went with it. At that point I was extremely jubilent. I haven't really stopped smiling since. :D THEO p.s. An ollie is a skateboard trick in which you jump with the board. And a pop shove it is another skateboarding trick in which you pop the board 180 degres while you don't rotate at all. So, I got back from camp a few days ago, 2 to be exact. Camp was fun. I saw friends from previous camp years and it was col. The kid in my cabin were col most of the time sept for one, whos was somebody who liked to argue just for the sake of arguing, it was quite frustrating. Ok, so while I was at camp I kinda had a crush on another staff......well two staff. One, Trista a.k.a. Dory(hate that name), has ben ongoing since i was a we camper and the other just kinda came up in the middle of the session, Becky a.k.a. Buffy a.k.a. Iggy, who is drop dead grogeous; se there is only one problem, Trista is 24 and Becky is 20, and as I have said in a previous post I dont wanna mess around with older women. Incase you were wondering about the other names each staff member has a camp nickname, if you were wonder if I i have one, I dont because i'm still a "traine" and next year if i'm lucky i'll get payed. Its not alot granted, but there gunna pay me to go to camp and have fun. From what I've heard its about $150 a wek, and thats great cuz I get thre meals a day, plus left overs any time, a place to slep, and I basically only play games. If any of you guys want to go to a great camp next year, go to Camp Bovey!! Let me know and I might be able to get you a flyer. THEO p.s. The ages for Bovey are 8-14 Tomorrow I'm leaving for camp. I'm uber excited. Its my first year as a CIT(councelor in training). I cant wait, i hope i get a god cabin, no trouble makers, no annoying kids either, but i just hope that they get along. And some of my friends are CITing and it should be col. I wont be back till friday so i hope u all can survive with out me. TTYL THEO p.s. The camp is called Camp Bovey. And if you're wondering about the title its the begining of the camp song. Ok, so my brother just got back from singing camp, ya i know, hes a loser. And I was just starting to enjoy the silence. I dont really like my brother, and i know what your thinking, "you dont like your brother? thats horrible." but hes a loser, and hes annoying, and very ignorant: hes a smart kid but very very ignorant. I can say, "God bye, silence!" and, "God bye, Cinnamon Toast Crunch!" The kid eats like 5 fucking bowls a day. Its like his crack. ARG!!!!! He has already started and hes ben hear for ten fucking minutes. But whatever. THEO Ok, so tomorrow is Splay's b-day......ok today is. So everyone wish him a happy birthday. Im having a problem, I totaly spazed on a present. I was thinking of me being the present but then i thought, "Splay isnt gay, Damn." So I had to rethink, I thought that maybe he would like a vile of my man juices but then I thought again, "Splay isnt gay, Damn it, if Splay was gay all my problems would be solved!" So I had to rethink, AGAIN. Then it came to me, my gift will be to make his party the bitchinest party ever!! "I WILL ROCK HIS FUCKING SOCKS OFF!!! GIVE 'EM A TASTE K.G." Sorry, I'll promise not to break in to Tenacious D songs any more. JACK BLACK IS KING. Ok back on track, or maybe i'lljust get him a twelve pack or something. If you've got any ideas hit me up before 1:30 pm. Thanx Peace, THEO p.s. Splays real name is Kyle I have invented a new sport!! Its called skate gladiator, and its quite fun. Materials neded are as follows:Skateboard, wiffle bat, and pads(optional). Skate gladiator consists of two events Joust, and Combat. Joust is a battle while you are on the skateboards each time you knock your opponent of his board u get a point, first to the number of points set prior to the battle, wins. Combat is on your fet and using the board as a shield and you try to knock eachother down last one standing wins. Its a very fun game, and if after reading this you say, "What a loser." You dont deserve to play it, so there! THEO p.s. Please note, this game is dangerous and if your afraid of getting hurt dont play. Ok, maybe I over reacted a we bit, ok......alot, but I'm god now. Or at least I will be as son as I get on my skateboard. Anyways I had a dream last night, it was quite strange. I was in Germany with two other people on top of a very tall building, skateboards in hand. One of the other guys was thinking about trying to gap across to the other building. As he was about to jump, all of our boards turned into cameras and we started to fight over what was the best way to take the picture. The started to set then i was about to take a picture then the sun disappeared, it was still very light out but the sun was nowhere to be sen. Then our cameras turn back into boards and the guy who was gunna jump went to the edge the building and then he chicken out. So we decided to just go home we started repelling down the side of the building. As we were making our way down the building we saw a guy on one of those window washing things and he had a lot of paint. Then one of his cables snapped and he was hanging on for his life, so we went over to help, I have no idea how we got over there but we did it somehow. We saved him and he was very thankful, but now we were stuck on this ledge with nowhere to go but down. Then out of thin air the German fire fighters appeared. They had come to save us, but as we were being lowered down I slipped and fell. Then I woke up, yeah a very starnge dream. THEO Yeah, we're col now........I think. But i still fel guilty. Guilt is a BITCH, Emotion is a BITCH, I never used to show my felings and emotions, I had 2 gears: Happy, and Mad. Whenever I felt something else I was "tired, just tired." Now I wonder why did ever start showing emotion and felings again?......................................Maybe, I should stop. I am SOOOOOOOOOOOO sorry. I was being stupid, it wasnt as big of a deal as I made it out to be. Its all my fault please dont be sorry because you didnt do anything and I am a jackass I am sorry!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I *tear* DONT *tear* KNOW *tear* WHAT *tear* ELSE *tear* TO *tear* SAY!!!!!!!! I will do anything to make you fel better, name it and its done please!! I fel like a horrible person. All your prayers have failed. Excuse me while I wep in my rom. Well today was kinda uneventful. I woke up at about 1:00, tok a shower, then I talked to some of my friends online, then I went skateboarding with terence I didn't do anything that special our fave spot was full of cars as usual but we still had fun. Then we went for a bike ride, we went down to St. Anthony Main and got Italian sodas at the Aster Cafe the cashier was quite hot, (as usual) and it sems to me that all of there cashiers there are very god loking and also have a rip in their jeans right on the butt(very sexy), which makes me think:"Is that part of the job description?" The last time I went, there was this cute blonde working there and she was totally hitting on me and even better she was a Bob Marley fan but I, being 15 didn't, want to get mixed up with an older woman. Sometimes I hate being 15, to old for things that were fun when I was younger and to young to drive, now that's what I can tenage angst. Speaking of angst: girls, what the fuck is up with girls?!? I wish I could find one that I could call my own, a col, some what calm and collected girl. But then the other side of me wants a wild child. Its tough have split personalities, BUT I think I have found one that satisfies both personality I hope it works out, pray for me. THEO Please Disregard My Last Post: The profanity was very uncalled for and rude of me to post. I extend an olive branch to those of u who fel offended. p.s. if u do fel offended i suggest that u not visit my blog again because i will most likely offend u again. Some of you bitches(no offense) have ben saying that my blog is boring and all i can say to that is: I DONT GIVE A FLYING FUCK!!!!!!! SUCK ON THAT BITCHES!!!!!!!!!!!!! I know I said said the last would be my only, but something has come up. Today I have come upon terrible news....Mr. David Englund has ben fired. He was a teacher, estemed colleague, and beloved friend. I will miss you so Mr. E. - CAN I GET A YEEEEAAAHH! SUP BITCHES!!!!!