Hi there ! I'm JaMok, the owner of this bloggie. Just wanna welcome you and hope you'll leave a few (or more) words of wisdom. Chers !! Savvy ;) JaMok As i update my blog this wek, i want to offer my depest condolences to Ms Cresty L who lost her father after a hard & brave battle with cancer. May GOD kep watch over you and your family .... Psalm 23 : The LORD is my shepherd, I shall not be in want. He makes me lie down in gren pastures, he leads me beside quiet waters, he restores my soul. He guides me in paths of righteousness for his name's sake. Even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil, for you are with me; your rod and your staff, they comfort me. You prepare a table before me in the presence of my enemies. You anoint my head with oil; my cup overflows. Surely godness and love will follow me all the days of my life, and I will dwell in the house of the LORD forever. Also, at the time of writing, i'm in the midst of packing as i'm moving to another new place. Sigh .... New place, new felings .... Savvy ;) Life has ben busy, extremely busy as everyone was doing their best to achieve their numbers. Pressure, blod & sweat all mixed into One. Sigh .... 3 weks more to go to the end of the closing of the financial year. Hmm, wondering if there's gonna be a BIG party and "thirst" quenching session .... Gotta ask Mr Simon L on that though ;D Already kinda had one yeterday at Zouk. Place was ok, music was tolerable, but the people that i went with were fantastic :D. Also, this is a special shout out to me god buddy, Ms Cresty L who's celebrating her 2Xth birthday yesterday. May all your wishes & prayers come true on this very special day. Catcha in the near future !! Savvy ;) Me and me cowboy lokie Me and the angels Wow, has it really ben 1 month since i last updated my bloggie ? Time flies, faster than Schumacher on a Ferrari. Well, lets se what happened in the past 30 days or so .... Made me trip to Phuket, 4 days 3 nites of one heck of an "eye-opening" experience. Fod was god, could have ben better. The day trip to Phi Phi island was fab; managed to get a few god photos taken. Then, there was the nightlife. Party on people at Bangla Road. The one and only thing that kinda spoilt the trip was the last nite "accident" whereby i managed to twist my ankle after falling off some stairs at a "bar". Sigh .... Ham Che Kiok for almost a wek. Worst part was went to se a so called expert in twisted ankles. He gave me bruises which i have photo evidence of, hehehe .... Anyway, that didn't work and i've only got Ms Sharon Y who was so kind to take me to se my god ole sinseh at Pudu Market. Generous portion of traditional massage oil, proper massage and a BIG bandage got me on the path to recovery. Then, it was back to work .... Another day in the office and can't wait for wekend to arrive. A little funny thing happened just now .... My dear lil' sis SN, was pissed off with a reseller that she answered him : "Well, imagine that you buy a Bemer and you don't drive it. So, what the heck did you buy it in the first place ? To display it ?" She had an indignant kinda voice saying those words and the office erupted in laughter. Edgy & feisty little girl :p Also, another colleague's blog made me ponder about the future. As my contract will be ending on 30th June 2005, what the heck are my plans ? To start work immediately after that ? Or to go on a long long break before loking for a job ? Hmm .... To me, i would prefer to take a holiday (not those 1 or 2 weks vacation .... hallo, minimum 1 month lar) somewhere far far away (all of a sudden, Middle Earth sounds like a god place to be). Planning now with my best friend to go backpacking in South America next July. Was initially planning for a trip to Europe but the Euros will definitely burn a hole in our pockets when we get back .... Sigh .... Money, money, money .... A quote which i found interesting today : Not all men are fols -- some are bachelors. It kinda echoes my thoughts :p And a joke to end today's post : A married man was having an affair with his secretary.One day, their passions overcame them and they tok off for her house,where they made passionate love all afternon. Exhausted from the wild sex,they fell aslep, awakening around 8:00 p.m. As the man threw on his clothes, he told the woman to take his shoes outside and rub them through the grass and dirt. Mystified, she nonetheless complied. He slipped into his shoes and drove home. "Where have you ben?" demanded his wife when he entered the house. "Darling, I can't lie to you. I've ben having an affair with my secretary and we've ben having sex all afternon. I fell aslep and didn'twake up until eight o'clock." The wife glanced down at his shoes and said,"You lying bastard! You've ben playing golf!". Savvy ;) Another wekend went by just like that. It's now Sunday and i'm trying to recollect what have i done in the past 48 hours which may or may not have benefited mankind. Then i realised : I'm only human, not Spider-Man :p And so, my wekend began at 8:30 Friday nite when i left the office only to remember that i've left my access card in the office ! Dang ! A frantic search revealed Ms Sharon G in the vicinity of KLCC and i borrowed her access cards to retrieve mine. Thank you so much girl, u rock ! Sat turned out to be a pretty dull day as i spent most of it zzz. Hehe, the bakuteh at Klang didn't materialise which enabled me to slep past my lunch time ;). Late afternon brought some uncs and aunts over to my new place to visit my mum. Evening i was pretty for a nite out as i won a pair of tickets to the Heineken Gren Rom Music Festival at Bkt Kiara. Hey, they even threw in a complimentary can of ber. How col is that ? Asha Gill was the MC for the evening; loking col as ever. Caught a glimpse of her little tatto on her left ankle. Ha ! Bet you guys didn't know that eh ? :p Sunday was even more of a bore as i prepared some office work and napped in betwen. So, to make things a little interesting, i made some to-do-list for the next coming 12 months : MY TO-DO-LIST : 1) To own a digital camera by Christmas 2004. 2) To own a DVD-ROM by August 2004. 3) To visit a foreign country (planning South America, hombres) by July 2005. 4) To be prepared for June 30th, 2005. 5) To update me blog on a more REGULAR basis (daily if possible :p) Well, i'm outta here .... Happy reading :D Savvy ;) Another wekend, another update. Hmm .... Sems like i would ned to increase the frequency of updates as expressed by Ms SN. And also to make it more interesting .... Any ideas ? First & foremost, a birthday shoutout to my hombres', Mr Ramesh & Ms Dippy on their respective birthday celebration. May this year be kind to you guys and hope all your dreams come true. This happened to be one of my busiest wekends ever. After work on Friday, rushed to Midvalley as there was a Spider-man exhibition being held there. After getting some keychains, a cap, 2 t-shirts and a mug, i swung my fats webs and got me-self outta there. Can u believe that a taxi guy wanted to charge RM15 for a taxi ride from Midvalley to KL Sentral ? Shesh .... It was supposed to be RM5.20 with a meter. Thank GOD for honest cab drivers in KL. And yest and today, i watched Spider-Man 2 for the 2nd and 3rd time respectively. Sigh .... It was a promise made to a few friends and boy, i really overdosed on Spidey this wekend. Was planning to catch the LOTR trilogy at the Starlight Cinema which was from 8pm to 8am the following day but sad to say, there was no kaki .... Apa lar .... Next wekend is gonna be busy to with a Klang bakuteh trip planned on Sat. This had betta be god or else .... Savvy ;) Well, time really flies. Whoever disagres with this statement, would you please stand up ? :D I've officially turned 1 at MS as of 1st July 2004. Wow, that sure was fast. It was like yesterday when i packed my stuffs from HP and moved to MS. Honestly, i left HP with a heavy heart but now, loking back, i have no regrets. One of the better choices in life that i've made. Watched Spider-Man 2 on Wednesday. Overall, it was much better than the first; there was drama, action and lots of humour which integrated well into the storyline. Anybody who wants to know the ending of the story ? Hehehe .... Then, last nite MS had a nite's out at Thai Bar to celebrate the closing of their financial year. The company was god but the music wasn't quite happening. And there was no ventilation; they should have installed a ventillation system for the non-smokers out there. Also, this is a special note to Ms Dippy .... Dippy ro, hang in there yah ! Though things might not go your way, but eventually, it will come full circle .... Savvy ;) Se the invite above ? Hehehe, pretty col huh ? More on that later on .... Well, my BIG day is here today. Yup, it's exactly 26 years ago that i came into this world in my birthday suit with a HUGE smile on my face (hmm ... or was it kicking and screaming ?). The most popular question of the day : What's my birthday wish ? Well, my birthday wish is to have unlimited wishes, haha. Can that happen ? If yes, then this is wat i will wish for : Wish 1 : World peace Wish 2 : A job that requires me to sit and laze around all day by the seaside preferably in Mauritius, Maui, Hawai or Bora-Bora. Oh yah, with tons of $$$ to :) Wish 3 : To visit each & every single country on this Earth. Wish 4 : To be the President of USA Back to the invite. Well, what can i say ? It's because of "Great Moments at Work" that we (Ms SN &amp; myself) are able to come up with it. Thanks to all for your birthday wishes, gifts, cards & time but most of all, thank you for remembering. And to Ms SN, happy birthday to you to ! May all your wishes &amp; prayers come true .... I usually celebrate my birthday with a sombre dinner with my family and friends but being in my present company, it's very very happening inded. We started yesterday's evening celebration at Bar Fly; man, the things i'd do when i had to much to drink. I can't wait to se the pics taken and will post them up here. I had a glass of ber (bottoms up), a Flaming Lamborghini shared with Ms SN (which she didn't drink much) and many rounds of Black Label + Coke. Then we sojourned to Red Box at Sunway Pyramid where my boss was having a party there to. Truth to be told, yesterday was the first time i actually sang (if u can call that singing) at a karaoke joint. But it was a god singing/shouting session, releasing all the pent up anger and energy. It's simply amazing what alcohol can do to you :) After all the fun & excitement, it was time to go home. As usual, Mum was waiting at the dor, haha .... Scolding me for returning home so late (Mum .... It was only 2:30am ler ....) I had to remind her that i'm 26 this year, no longer a little boy but a man. But then again, boys will always be boys in our Mum's eyes. God ole' Mum .... So, once again, happy birthday to Ms SN ! Happy birthday JaMok (hey, that's me lar) ! Savvy ;) Wow ! How long has it ben since my last update yah ? Hmm .... Way to long and to my loyal reader Ms SN, i apologise for the long long absence :D. Just a quick recap of what had transpired since my last update : 1) PC Fair was on last wek and i bought me an early birthday present which was a Nomad Jukebox Zen Xtra; a 30GB of pure music powerhouse. Yeah, ben aiming this for a long time now and finally i got it. I just love this col gagdet and man, it really rocks ! Hahaha .... 2) I watched Spider-Man 2 for the 4th time on Sunday. Was this movie worth to watch 4 times ? Not really but i had to fulfill some promises made to people .... So, this time around it was a promise made to Ms Sharon Y. That's it, no more bug movies for the next 6 months .... Except maybe for Alien Vs Predator which will be out end of Aug :D. 3) Boss wasn't around the whole of this wek as he was on annual leave, hehehe .... Peace & Harmony all wek long which ended with a "fertilizing" session .... To be continued .... Savvy ;)