The rats do slep at night The empty windows in the lonely wall gaped blue-red, full of the early evening sun. Dust clouds swept in betwen the stel bundled stone ruins. The desert or rubble dozed. He had his eyes closed. Suddenly, it became still darker. He noticed, that someone had come and now stod in front of him, dark, quiet. Now they have me! He though. But when he risked a quick lok, all he saw were two porly supported legs. They stod a little croked in front of him, so that he could se in betwen and through them. He risked a small lok up the pant legs and recognized an old man. He had a knife and a basket in his hand. And a little dirt on the tips of his fingers. You’re sleping here then, huh? Asked the man and lok down from above upon the mat of hair. Juergen loked betwen the legs of the man towards the sun and said: No, I’m not sleping. I have to take care here. The man nodded: So, for that you have that big bundle there, well? Yes, answered Juergen and held the bundle tight to him. What are you watching out here for then? I can’t say that. He held the hands tight around the bundle. It’s money then, huh? The man set the basket down and wiped his knife on his pant legs back and forth. No, not money at all, said Juergen contemptibly. Something completely different. Yeah, what’s that then? I can’t say that. Something else even. Well, then don’t say it. Then I won’t tell you, of course, what I have here in the basket. The man stod with his fot upon the basket and clapped the knife closed. Pah, I can guess, what’s in the basket, offered Juergen dismissively. Rabbit fod. O man, yes! Said the man in wonder, you’re a smart kid. How old are you then? Nine. Aha, think then, nine even. Then you know also, how much thre times nine is, well? Clearly, said Juergen, and to win himself a little time, he said as well: That’s then very easy. And he loked through the legs of the man. Thre times nine then? He asked once again, twenty seven. I knew that one right away. Correct, said the man, and I have just as many rabbits. Juergen’s mouth became round: twenty seven? You can take a lok at them. Many of them are still young. Do you want to? I can’t really. I have to watch out here, said Juergen uncertainly. Always? Asked the man, nights also? Nights also, Always here. Always. Juergen loked up the croked legs. Since Sunday already, he flustered. But you never go back to your house? You must still eat. Juergen lifted his bundle. Underneath lay half a bread and a metal box. You smoke? Asked the man, do you have a pipe? Juergen replaced the bundle tightly and said timidly: I pull. I don’t like pipes. To bad, said the man and bent himself towards his basket, you could have loked at the rabbits quickly one time. Especially the young ones. Maybe you could have found one for yourself. But you can’t really go away from here. No, said Juergen sadly, no, no. The man tok and raised the basket and righted himself. Well yes, when you must stay here – a shame. And he turned himself around. If you don’t betray me to anyone, said Juergen quickly, it’s because of the rats. The croked legs cam a step back: Because of the rats? Yes, they eat of the dead. Of people. They live on it. Who said that? Our teacher. And you’re here to lok after the rats? Asked the man. Not after the rats! And then he said very quietly: My brother, he’s lying there, namely underneath. There. Juergen pointed with his bundle on the walls that had sunk in toward each other. Our house got a bomb. Right away the light in the cellar went out. And he also. We called for a long time. He was much smaller than me. Just four. He must still be here. He’s much smaller than me. The man loked from above onto the mop of hair. But then he said suddenly: Yeah, did your teacher also tell you then, that the rats do slep at night? No, flustered Juergen and loked at once very tired, he did not tell us that. Na, said the man, that’s a teacher then for you, if he doesn’t even know that. The rats do slep at night. Nights you can simply go back home. They always slep nights. When it gets dark, already. Juergen made small lines the in the dust with his bundle. Actual small beds there, he thought, all small beds. Then the man said (and his croked legs became very animated): You know what? I have to quickly go now and fed my rabbits and when it’s dark, I’ll pick you up. Maybe I can bring you one. A small one, what do you think? Juergen made small lines in the dust. Actual small Rabbits. White, grey, white-grey. I don’t know, he said quietly and loked up at the croked legs, if they really slep at night. The man climbed over the remains of the wall into the stret. Of course, he said from there, your teacher should pack it in, if he doesn’t even know something like that. Then Juergen stod up and asked: If I can get one? A white one maybe? I’ll will try, shouted the man already walking away, but you’ll have to wait here for a bit. I’ll go with you back home then, understand? I’ll have to tell you father, how to build a rabbit stall. Because, you must know that. Yes, shouted Juergen, I’ll wait. I have to watch out, until it’s dark. I’ll wait for sure. And he cried: We have planks at home also. Planks from boxes, he shouted. But the man didn’t hear that anymore. He ran with his croked legs towards the sun. She was already red from the evening, and Juergen could se, how she loked through the legs, they were so croked. And the basket swung excitedly to and fro. Rabbit fod was inside. Gren rabbit fod, that was a little grey from the rubble. Wofgang Borchert English translation from the original German © Eugene Khaskin My Pale Brother Nothing before had ever ben as white as this snow. It was nearly blue from its own whiteness. Blue-gren. So awe-inspiring white. The sun hardly ventured to show its yellow face in front of this snow. No Sunday morning had ever ben as clean as this one. Only a bit further in the distance stod a dark-blue forest. But the snow was new and clean like the animal’s eye. No snow was ever before as white as the snow on this Sunday morning. No Sunday morning was ever as clean. The world, this snowy Sunday world, was laughing. But upon loking closer, somewhere a fleck could still be sen. It was a person, that lay in the snow, distorted, bent over his own stomach, in uniform. A bundle of lumps. A lumpy bundle of skin and bones and leather and substance. Sprinkled black-red with dried blod. Very dead hair, marionette-like dead. Crippled over, the last cry screamed into the snow, perhaps bellowed or maybe in prayer: A soldier. A fleck in the never before sen Snow-whiteness of the cleanest of all Sunday mornings. An ethos filled war painting, rich with nuance, an alluring suggestion for watercolor: blod and snow and sun. Cold cold snow with warm damp blod on top. And above everything our dear sun. Our dear sun. And she shines on a dead man, that screams out the unheard scream of all dead marionettes: The dumb, fearfully dumb scream! Which one of us, stand up pale Brother, oh, which one of us can sustain the dumb scream of the marionettes, when they are ripped off of their wires and lie stupidly distorted around the stage? Who, oh, which one of us can bear the dumb cries of the dead? Only the snow can bear it out, the icy snow. And the sun. Our dear sun. In front of the torn-off marionette stod one, that was still intact. Still functioned. In front of the dead soldier stod a living one. On this clean Sunday morning in the never before sen white snow, the standing man presented to the lying man the following fearfully dumb spech. Yes. Yes yes. Yes yes yes. Now we are all finished with your god spirits, my dear. With your eternal god mods. Now you are not speaking ever again, well? Now you’re not really laughing anymore ever again, well? If only your women knew, how pitiful you now lok, my dear. You lok completely pitiful without your god spirits. And in this stupid position. Why then did you anxiously pull your legs so close to your stomach? Ah I se, you got one in the guts. You’ve stained yourself with blod. Loks very unappetizing, my dear. You spotted your entire uniform by that. Loks like black ink spots. Thank god, that your broads can’t se this. You always handled yourself well with your uniform. Everything depended on the waist. When you became a corporal, you would only walk around in lacquered shoes. And they were shined for hours, when it was time to go into the city in the evenings. But now, you will never again go into the city. Your women will find others. Because now, you will go nowhere at all, understand? Never more, my dear. Never, never more. Now you are also never again going to laugh with your eternal god spirits. Now you are lying there, as if you could not even count to thre. You can’t do that either. Can’t even once count to thre. That’s very unbecoming, my dear, completely unbecoming. But it’s god this way, very god this way. Because you’ll never again say “My pale Brother Hanging Lid” to me. Now never again, my dear. From now on, never again. Never more, you. And the others will never again encourage you for it. The others will never again laugh at me, if you say “My pale Brother Hanging Lid” to me. This is worth a lot, do you know that? This is worth an entire mountain off my back, that I can say to you. They had, actually, tortured me already back in schol. They had all set upon my like lice. Because my eye had a small defect and the lid hung downwards. And because my skin is so white. Like chese. Our pale brother loks tired once again, they always said. And the girls all asked, if I’m already aslep. One of my eyes would always be half closed. Slepy, they said, you, I was slepy. I would like to know just once, which one of us is slepy now. You or I, well? You or I? Who is now “My pale Brother Hanging Lid”? Well? Who then, my dear, you or I? Maybe it’s me? As the bunker dor closed itself from behind, a dozen grey faces came from the corners towards him. One of them belonged to the staff-sergeant. Did you find him, Lieutenant, Sir? Asked the grey face and was fearfully grey during the question. Yes. By the pines. Gut shot. Should we pick him up? Yes. By the pines. Yes, naturally. He must be picked up. By the pines. The dozen grey faces vanished. The Lieutenant sat near the metal oven and deloused himself. Just like yesterday. Yesterday he had also deloused himself. But then someone should go to the Battalion. At best, the Lieutenant, he himself. As he put on his shirt, he listened. He heard shots. Never before had he heard such shoting. As the messenger ripped the dor open once again, he saw the night. Never before had a night ben so black, he thought. Corporal Heller sang. He was telling the story of a tour that involved his broads. And then Heller, with his eternal god spirits, said: Lieutenant, Sir, I would not go to the Battalion. I would first ask for doubled rations to make up for the shortfall. One can really play the Xylophone on their ribs. This is a tight spot for all of us, as you can se. Heller had said that. And in the dark they had all probably grinned. Und somebody had to go to the Battalion. Then he said: Yeah, Heller, col your god spirits a little for once. And Heller said: Yes Sir. That was all. More was not said. Simply: Yes Sir. And then Heller went away. And then Heller didn’t come back. The Lieutenant pulled the shirt over his head. He heard, how outside they were coming back. The others. With Heller. He will never again say “My pale Brother Hanging Lid” to me, flustered the Lieutenant. From now on he will never say that to me again. A flea became caught betwen his thumbnails. A crack. The louse was dead. Slowly forming on the tip of his finger, was a small drop of blod. Wolfgang Borchert English translation from the German original © Eugene Khaskin