Didnt se Steph tonite, bit annoyed bout it....aw well..i'll se her son most of my mates know about us know, theyve ben pretty col about it, but i get embarassed when they talk about it. GERMANY DREW WIT LATVIA........HAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA even My beloved Scotland beat them, once, saw Smackdown earlier, still shit, Raw so much better, its very sad. Beavis and butthead was great, highlight must be when they photocopied dollar bills, and beavis photocopied a penny, brilliant stuff, tom anderson makes them more funny (the neighbour that the boys ruin everything for) sounds a bit like Hank Hill. i'm tired, my cousins coming to se me tommorow, he hasnt sen bad blod yet, hes very happy about rey mysterio winning the crusierweight belt, and wants to se alan partridge again, damn that corby trouser press Steph is slowly turning into a big Alan fan, its quite scary, what have i done? tlk l8er. m.c yesterday was wicked, met (gorgeous) Steph in town and got subway (I LUV CHEESE AND STEAK SUB) and got a dvd, Royal rumble 89 and 90. Steph semd to have fun, i certainly did, wont se her now for ages,. shes gonna se red hot chilli peppers. Gonna met Cat on wednesday, hope fully aided with alcohol shall forget all of the knowledge i had to gain to do these exams. I'll let you know. gonna watch beavis and butthead now, its so fun if you turn of your brain and watch it. WRESTLING BIT enjoyed Raw yesterday, Benoit/Edge/Jericho V Evolution reminded me of the NWA the 80's when a posse of god guys would take on Ric Flairs horseman, Im jus praying that HHH doesnt take Benoits title, after all hes ben a great champion. gonna go to dan e's now, hes pretty kol, appreciates fine comedy, and thats all i ask for. talk son m.c Thank god for that result, it will give us the world of god, Roney will be a bonafide star after that game, am currently watching france losing, and i cant really decide if thats a god or bad thing. Im currently wit Steph at the moment, and im gonna get her onto fotball by the end of the tournament, watch this space for that. Shes so perfect, i can honestly say that since being with her i havnt had a stress moment like i usually do. that usually results in chairs gettin thrown, and my cat being kicked, well attempted to kick, cos shes very agile. i wish id neva let Ross se Alan Partridge, all he blody goes on about is corby trouser presse's have nuting on now till nxt wednesaday, history, or as i affectionatly call it, boring bollocks! tlk later m.c you know, ive never really ben patriotic, truly patriotic anyway, but a few nights ago when we had France on the ropes with 3 minutes to go, they managed to sneak a right hok, courtesy of Zidane and we were knocked out for the count! But this will give us hope, we almost won the game, not the rubbish kind of almost winning where we tok the lead after 5 minutes then concede two goals 15 minutes later. Tonight we shall win, we should retain the same team that almost conquered the champions, im thinking 2-0 England with Roney and Owen gettin a goal each, im hoping for that A cos i want them to win, and B cos Steph thinks its gonna be 3-1 and we got a bet on!! WRESTLING NEWS-I believe that Rey mysterio will beat a now fired Chavo Classic for the crusierweight title, im pleased cos my cousin Ross is an absoululty HUGE Mysterio fan!! anyways the Bad Blod 2004 review shouild be posted a bit later, with some thoughts on todays fotball later m.c This is where the life bit comes in!! I've ben in a relationship now for about a month with this girl steph...At first I didn't know if it would be a god idea, but just being around her made me se that was nothing to worry about, because she laughs at my jokes and my stupid sound effects, and so far has tolerated my wrestling obsession!! what a girl... have just finishes my GCSES as well.. So this next few months are gone to be nervous ones to say the least, but with her with me I know I'll cope!! I mite do a wrestling tape review tomorrow the minute its a toss up betwen the great American bash 1991 or possibly something like bad blod 1997. Any questions incidentally can be left here and I'll do my best to answer them..As lions as their wrestling related. tlk tommorow m.c Hey!!! my first post...its basically my thoughts on wrestling and jus plain ol life in general. I catchced bad blod on sunday, i was surprised at the length of shawn michaels and triple h hell in a cell.....but was impressed that they didnt resort to going outside the cell for a maniac spot.. I can safely say it will be better then what smackdowns! great american bash will be..thts gonna be brutal. heres my star ratings for bad blod 2004 la resistacne vs edge and benoit ** jericho v tomko * shelton benjamin v randy orton *** womans 4 way * eugene v coach * benoit v kane *** HHH v HBK *** Also catched the show in manchester a few weks back..was quite impressed, i actually prefere it live as they are longer matches and better layed out then the condensed version you se on raw. anyway tlk to u later m.c Part two of that epic list, before we begin i would like to mention that you may ned to refresh the page if u cannot get new posts, i have to do that and its my blog!! Anyway, let us begin 4)People who play with their ringtones, On buses, in schol anywher where i happen to be, They make me want to get the phone, and ensure that the next timke that tune would be heard, it wuld be comin out of tht persons ass. 3)glory hunting supporters, usually sen in real madrid/arsenal/man united shirts, fine if you come from manchester or madrid or london, if not what the hell are you doin wearing them or supporting them? As son as Roman Abroamavich bought chelsea, a sea of 4-9 year olds suddenly went chelsea, back stabbing bastards. 2)getting to the nitty gritty now- the kind of people who have very strong opinions about things, be it sexual orientationor the gulf war II or whatever, but they fel the ned to shove it down our throats, and nobody else has an opnion on the matter. They ask you what your opnion is on the matter, for the soul purpose of then saying what theirs is, they dont ask cos they wanna know yours. so dont be foled. 1) CHILDREN BETWEEN 2-10- Im not a horrible person, if a child is resonably nice, and polite and god then i dont mind them, but all the time i se children throwing tantrums, dominating their parents, and being disrespectful. The parents dont so shit about it, and it make s me sick. They also get into your stuff and annoy you, deliberatly. Thats ot a lot of my chest actually, fel better for that. anyways i'll post normal stuff shortly.. later m.c I am bored..and have decided to come up wit the 10 MOST ANNOYING THINGS!!!!!!!! I hate these things so much, its scary, but then im a mody ol bastard, at the age of 16 and a quarter! 10) People who go to Tesco/sainsburys/asda FOR THE DAY!. its their outing for the entire wek,Sad bastards. 9)Wimpy dads who use things like "time outs" to control their kids. ussually sen in sandals and a rugby shirt. 8)Burberry, no explaination for that one, 7)Children who think they can dance and sing, usually sen at karokes singing "like a prayer" or the complete works of atomic kitten.Thier parents usuaully encourage them to do so. So their a bunch of liars. 6)Wasps, what the hell do they do, they have no purpose, like the U.N or the quen. 5)The elderly, They moan about young people without any real knowlegde about us,they assume we are all loking for trouble, i'll give them respect when they fucking respect me. Plus they wait for the the paper to come out rite away, and insist on fumbling for pennys on a bus. THEY DO IT ON PURPOSE!! well im gonna finish this later, kep the suspense goin... later m.c Smackdown was actually better then Raw, seriously, i se hope..JBL loks convincing as WWE champion, the crusierweights got serious airtime, and Paul London and Billy Kidman won the tag belts, one thing i thought id never se, plus i wanna watch nxt wek to se wot happens to John Cenas US title. I didnt se Vengeance, because im a cheap ass, deal with it, Aston Villa have signed Carlton Cole on a year loan from chelsea, brilliant news, we neded a striker after Dublin and Crouch departing, actually left a measage on someones blogger a while bk..ladyjericho, she repiled..which was kinda kol. neways the things tht annoy me will be posted son. l8er m.c I am so confused, can i walk away from the girl that loves me? I dont know what to do, my mind is fogged up with all sorts of crap. I sometimes think its what i have to do, and other times i fel how can i?, after all shes ben through. And i said id be different, what a crock of shit. So bradshaw beats eddie guerrero, the same belt that has ben worn by Flair, Hogan, Hart and Austin, now worn by freakin Bradshaw, that made me depressed to start. That and the wierd paul bearer concrete thing, makes me glad i didnt fork out 15 quid for it. Gettin me Beavis and Butt-head videos tommorow, loking 4ward to that. Should be a god tennis game tommorow, serena v the fit russian with a kol scream.sharapova. and thts about it, im drained, emotionally and physically, im no longer a schol student, we had our ball yesterday, and i suppose that made me open my eyes to, i enjoyed havin the fel of playin the field again, Im 16 for fucks sake. I danced wit me mates, we was all tryin to lok kol, and i dance wit amy eli and sarah, everyone loked gorgeous, and i loked ok in a tux, betta then i thought i wod be! newyas im gonna slep, l8er m.c Hey!! long time no post it sems.. before i begin id like to say that my dad left me mum for another woman recently...i aint gettin in to it....lets jus wish tht woman a lifetime of misery k? and now for the special presntation GREBS'/GOTHS .....Y I DISLIKE DEM!! Now before i begin id like to say that i dont dislike a greb..for being a greb....oh no....if someones legit about being a goth (notcie i use goth when its actually done properly?) i dont really mind at all...fair mplay to them for daring to living their lives differently.. theres a very special kinda greb....one that can annoy me more then 40 old peps in a queue to get ona bus wit the lot of them havin arthritis and only havin change in a little purse..whcih has holes in it. these grebs are............. THE ONES WHO ARE JUS RICH KIDS AND ARE VERY BORED ..HAVE NO CHARACTER AT ALL AND HAVE A FUKIN LOT OF SPARE MAKE UP..... god they annoy me...First off they have no real personality...they jus put on a korn hodie...dab some white makeup on there faces (probably not the only way they get their faces painted white if u know what i mean!!) wear some dark lip stick and dark nails.and hey presto... "IM OF GOTHIC ORIENTATION" God they annoy me.... neways for some other stuff se my next post comin to u in 5 minutes!!