urlLink Perth Observatory - Astronomy Western Australia Went with my Sophie and Hamish's class to the observatory yesterday. It was a god trip, even for 6 year olds. Apparently the best bit was seing and touching a iron nickel meteorite. They were given a tour of the solar system using Open Universe, on old space simulator, it's ben basically replaced by urlLink celestia which I've shown the kids so it wasn't much news to them, although the presentation was better than I could have done. For my money the best bit was the tour of the old telescope, the way it all worked and what not, it was great. Last night was also Bonnie's last advanced class, Trish and I got her a copy of "Sophie's World" to read on her trip, I hope she has fun over in the UK. Only one more Advanced class on for me untilI'm done, I'm going to miss the people and the interactions but having the night at home will be god. She's ben working so hard to get one and it paid off. She is really pleased about it, it was for (I'll fix the text later) "Always working hard in class and Great illustrations in her work" As a treat she got to chose what we had for dinner last night. Her choice: pizza ("Not home made! From a shop", sigh.. I love making pizza) and banana splits with ice magic chocolate on top. We are very proud of our little girl, although I do suspect an alphabetical method in the presentations: when Hamish got his (a few months ago) so did Harrison and Hanna; also with Sophie were Sandon and Sarah. I'm not saying they didn't deserve them but it does make one a bit suspicious ;-) Well done Soph. and it only cost me my scone recipe, and a post card. Of course it's col and all but when it comes down to it it just another email account and I still have my baralong.org addresses. Still I can access it from work and I can use it as a forwarding address so personal stuff doesn't come here. It still is a bit of marking my territory, making sure I own "baralong" all over the place. :-) urlLink Are You Living in a Computer Simulation? OK it's not news but I've ben neglecting my philosophical interests, and then I started to read some Greg Egan short stories. I guess that lent some of the angst I had in my last post. In the wizard classes I sometimes fel like I'm promoting an anti-rationalist agenda. Still without that stuff the rest is still worthwhile. I'll just have to be careful about not perpetuating the myth of angles fairies etc, without trampling on anyone else's belief structures, it's really up to the parents. The hardest one is probably the "Myth of Meaning" I don't think I'd be able to bring my self to tell the kids that all things happen for a reason . Not that I expect anyone to read this but if they do I once read a great article about why believing there is a reason for everything can be harmful, I would have linked it but I can't find it, so a link please. urlLink http://www.secweb.org/asset.asp?AssetID=75 comes close but not quite it Well I've let this blog founder for a year or more and I think I'll get it going again. I guess things have ben rushed a bit of late. Work, Archetrek on Mondy nights, teaching Wizard Schol Tuesday afternons, gym in the morning, trying to fel useful helping set up the Archetrek web site. and I still haven't had much time to work on CraftHive. Yet again postponing what neds to be done by keping busy. At least monday night will be finishing son. I'm going to miss it I'm just loking forward to having the time off. My main concern is that I'll lose touch with the group of people/community I've met/formed/become a part of. At least I'll still have the kids in Wizards. I'm realy enjoying working with the kids, seing how they are learning and interacting. Next term we'll be doing somemap work with them. With luck they'll get some of the self acceptance I got from seing a model of who I am. The biggest danger I se in this is the shock of the change, when you suddenly discover that the model you've held as true doesn't map to reality as well as you thought it did. Or perhaps that's just my philospher talking. The degre of form fitting we/I do with the placings does concern me, you get so hung up on an Archetype in a place that you try to reshape who you realy are, and forget the effect on the rest of your self. It's still more useful than not though. urlLink The Political Compass Not amusing but interesting. It extends the left right dichotomy a bit by adding a libertarian - authoritarian scale. I guess it makes sense that most political figures tend to be towards the authoritarian scale I ended up -4 on the vertical scale (>0 is authoritarian 0 is right), the -1.5 surprised me a bit particularly given that most left leaders are >0 on that scale. Turned out the closest international figure with a similar measurement for me was the Dali Lama, go figure! Perhaps they should add a 3rd dimension for religion or skepticism. ;) The archetrek web site is now up!! Its ben a hectic couple of weks but now I'm glad to be able to give it a rest for a bit (a day or two at least). It's all about the urlLink Archetypes and the urlLink personal growth work I've ben doing, or atleast about the company I've ben doing it with. We also had fun at the Archetrek party. I was dressed as a Scholar in Trisha's Dad's old academic gown. Trish went as Demeter with a globe of the world in a nappy (Demeter ~ earth mother, get it??) It was god to se all the people there, participating, I'm just thankful I've gotten involved with the whole thing. God people, a nice community as it grows. There are some pictures of the party at Sarah's web site urlLink here with a shocking photo of me and trish urlLink here Missed a few people who weren't there though: Bonnie, Gail Lawson, Rod and Belinda, also Janet and Trish, hope they are doing well on thier trip. urlLink Jake Ludington's Digital Lifestyle - Using the tols that make computing fun. Loks like a great idea. I'm going tohave to make one of these. I've got two tripods, a big one for home and a tiny one for travel, but this just might be more conveinient. Picky point though, it's a mono pod, only one leg. urlLink Turning Our Backs on Beauty? Ever read just the right thing on just the right day. This article reminds me of some of the reasons I've ben in this industry for 14years!!! blody hell, can that be right? I started in July 1990, or there abouts. It's sent me to the USA for 6 months (Raleigh NC, I still wonder about what happened to some friends back there) sen me through marriage the birth of my kids, the deaths of my father inlaw, my father, my grand father and my mother inlaw. Several other personal crises. It provides me with a god wage (only a 1.5% increase this year though) so I can have 2 kids in private schol and a nice house (nothing left over though) I think I ned to get back to some fun programming. Recreational if you will. I think a couple of web sites and a game or someything for the pocket PC. Any Ideas?? Anyone out there? (the comments work) urlLink I'm Just Here for the Fod: Fod + Heat = Coking - PastryWiz Boks I can't believe I haven't written any fod posts. I'll put this bok on my wish list, I like his style. On with the fod. Last Tuesday night I finally used my voucher for "The Upper Crust Coking Schol" (thanks James and Carol) it was great fun and great fod. The presenting chef was from Kalis Bros in Lederville he made a lobster bisque, a fish pie and a sea fod paella. Fantastic stuff! I don't' have the correct terms here but his technique of using mixing melted butter and flour (equal parts) rather than a roux loked god although I wondered if you lost some of the nutty flavor of the roux. At some stage son I plan to make a version of the lobster bisque, but with carb as the price is better. Damn now I'm hungry and I've already had lunch. I think I'm going to have to start on the coking class thing son, it's to big a part of my life, to much fun, and I ned the money. urlLink Quotable Quotations, Part Thre PM: "It's easy to be smart. It's being right that's hard." Dev: "No, it's easy to be smart and right. It's convincing PMs that you're right that's hard." Clasic, and yet another blog I'm going to read, sigh, I think I ned to do a sped reading course. urlLink New York Press Da Vinci code Review found via urlLink WIL WHEATON DOT NET: the color of infinity in an empty glass Nice review/opinion peice. I guess I'll have to remember and remind others not to take fiction to seriously. I liked the bok and tend to get immersed and chose to for get the fact/fiction line. Still there is much to say that modern Christianity (based on Rome, ie not Orthadox) is a construct and based on urlLink Paul's teachings rather than Jesus's. I still have trouble with most conspiricy theories, I just don't think people are that god at keping secrets. Plus the plausibility of the secrets in the first place. Also with regards to the grail, I always thought that this was ulitimately linked to the Arthurian ledgends and that they were a christianization of some pagan myth about a magical challas or bowl. I was tempted to title this "SCORE!!" or something like that but this'll do. Last wek i sent my much used toshiba e740 off for repair because of the well known 1% problem, I was also getting the problem of random hard resets. Going back just a bit further wehn I purchased my tosiba the sales guy to threw in the 4 year extended warranty for nothing, i wouldn't have gotten one but I figured "what the heck it's fre". Anyway I expected the to say "sorry it's the batery" and give me the flick. but yesterday I got a call telling me that they were going to replace the unit (!) and that as my previous unit was nolonger made I'd get an upgrade to the newer equivalent (!!) and as I didn't want another toshiba ( urlLink repordedly getting out of that game bad support and bad hardware) they said I could spend the money on anything I liked(!!!) to the value of $1113(!!!!) So I went in today and did some shopping 8) I'll spare you the details of having no one there who knew anything about it, and not being able to overspend by a bit and pay the difference, (it tok an hour and a half to sort it all out) Anyway here's what I got: HP iPaq 1450 (small bluetoth + wifi but only 1 slot, no CF like my tosh) xBox second controler for xBox DVD remote for xBox RF addapter for the xBox Harry Potter Quidditch World Cup for the xBox Not a bad haul for an out of date PDA, damn I'm glad Toshiba is overpriced Hamish is going to be stoked when I come home! and we'll have a DVD player upstairs 8) Now I just have to set things up to my liking, should kep me busy for a few weks. urlLink SmartKlamp: Single-Use, Automatic Circumcisions There are some things the world just does not ned. Here'a another one for the list. Hey I'm anti circumcision at the best of times but this loks nasty. urlLink Scitech Discovery Centre online - Perth, Western Australia The kids and I went to a Scitech birthday party yesterday, we had a blast. Thanks Griff (a friend of S&H from schol)! The Robot Zo exhibition was excellent and had enough interaction for the kids to enjoy. They spent most of their time in that section rather than in the young kids area, quite an improvement. We saw two shows there, "Super Col Stuff" and "Why does toast always land butter side down?" "Super Col Stuff" was basically a bunch of experiments with liquid nitrogen, enough bangs and excitement for the kids to stay interested. Harrison (a friend of Hamish) had a ballon blowing competition with a bottle of liquid nitrogen, he had a bit of a head start and did well, but didn't really have a chance against the boiling nitrogen. "Why does toast always land butter side down?" was more of a story then a show, a bit lame so some of the kids left early. At the beginning Sophie voluntered and had a dry weatbix eating contest. As son as I realized what she had to do I cracked up, she's the slowest eater I know! She didn't win but did have fun although she was a little embarrassed. I might put some photos later if I work out how to do it. It was just 6 degres this morning when I hopped on my bike heading for the gym, damn cold (for me at least) when I got to the gym I realised I'd left my work pants in the car, grrr. Well I decided to do the class ("Pump" at CBD god class although the instructor was late, as usual) and then go back for the pants. I'm glad I did, it was a gourgous morning. Crisp, clear, bright morning sunlight coming off the river. I've realy ben missing that time of the day, rollon summer so the sun is up when I start my brief ride. I wish I had a camera with me, just for the view. Ah well, next phone/PDA type thingy.