I had a god time tonight with D-bo. We went out for Pizza and saw Jermaine there. He is tuly the most electrified man in all of the Fredonia Pizza circles! D-bo and I got talking and ended up on the meaning of the Jar of Flies title to an Alice in Chains Album. Here's a clip from an interview with AIC former front man Layne Staley with Hit Parader. HP: First off, where did the title Jar Of Flies come from? LS: It came from a science experiment (AIC guitarist) Jerry Cantrell did when he was in the third grade. They gave him two jars full of flies. One of the jars they overfed, the other jar they underfed. The one they overfed flourished for a while, then all the flies died from overpopulation. The one they underfed had most of the flies survive all year. I guess there's a message in there somewhere. Evidently that experiment had a big impact on Jerry. It sems like today was non stop running, or actually hobbling around in my case. The high point was grabbing some god Chinese take out for lunch with R at the Holy Wong, which is my favorite take out place in the D + F area. This afternon, I bounced betwen work, the laundromat, and my place trying to get stuff done, so I can fel like I am getting ahead. I forgot to mention this previously, but I saw a great trailer by V for a doc she is doing about gay and lesbian weddings in the New Paltz area. If I can find the URL again, I will have to post it. A couple of interesting things I noticed while going around D + F earlier - 1) The Village Limits neon sign is gone, and now there is a new neon sign that says Valentine's. It will always be Village Limits to me. I have so many god memories of that place. Remember the times we would guess how many mullets we could se in one night? How about the Fish doing his thing to the Cha Cha slide on the stage? Could I ever forget the time when Salim hit on two girls that were dancing and he then got invited to their wedding? ...K-Lo dancing on the bar at her 21st b-day while she was wearing a huge yellow foam cowboy hat that had her address on the side of and said If found please return to. The great numerous happy hours there for the fre fod. I recall the time Gman got yelled out by Junior because he thought G was a Dolphin's fan. All the times with TJ, Steph, and Mel D were awesome to. Village - we will remember you! RIP Village Limits. 2) Arby's In Fredonia no longer offers baked potatos! This truly bothers me for the fact that Vegetarians should be able to eat unhealthy fast fod and suffer the consequences of ill health just like their carniverous counterparts. I wonder if this is a regional thing or national thing. On the topic of fast fod, I am hoping to catch SuperSize Me at the Opera house this wekend. Col! I just found out K-Lo is going to the same Bills game I am. Hopefully we'll be able to met up before the game for some fun tailgate action! K-lo, if you want to hustle some people in a pickup fotball game in the parking lot before the game, let me know. I just got back from getting my Haircut. Yes, its ben about a couple weks, so it was neded ; ) I did end up going to Charlie's, but I was really considering going back to Famous Hair. Last wek, my ex that manages there stopped by my place to talk. It was the first we've talked since we split. Surprisingly, it was a really god time and didn't fel awkward at all. She said that one of my favorite girls that work there was bothering her to talk to me to get me back there. I know I will end up going back sometime, because Mary cuts the best hair in town - I should know since I have ben to almost every place around. The mystery of the wildflowers has ben solved. Last wek, I saw some flowers left at the dor going up to my place. I wasn't sure if they were for me or one of my neighbors. It turns out they were for my neighbor. I'm relieved. This means no stalker for me! Yeah! After work today, I went to se my Physical Therapist. The appointment went well. So far, its just Ultrasound and some shock treatment to work the muscles. Tony was really surprised how much voltage I was taking with the shocks. He stod back and loked me up and down in disbelief, as he said my whole leg should be kicking with the amount of electricity going to my fot. I think this could be an indicator of two things. Either I can attribute it to my high tolerance for pain, or that I actually did damage nerves more than I thought when I screwed up some of the disks in my spine. I'm personally hoping more for the high tolerance option. Not to much else happened tonight. I grabbed some Subway with a god veggie sub, had some god spaghetti, went to the driving range, and lifted some weights. Overall, it was a god laidback night. I didn't do to well at the driving range, but I did manage to hit my last ball at least a couple hundred yards into the darkness with the five iron, so that was a god note to end on. I also tried calling Mr B, but all the cell phone circuits in Las Vegas must have ben busy. I've ben thinking about blogging it for a while, and after a god chese calzone I decided this was the day to do it. Anyways, Its sad to se the wekend dwindling away. Yesterday, was an awesome time at the movies. Ielle and I left the Dunkirk/Fredonia realm to venture to the regal to catch a few flicks. We caught the Village and The Manchurian Candidate. Both were really god in their own ways, and much better sen in a real Theater, rather than catching them at the local Ghettoplex. Trying to stay off of my fet because of Tendonitis in my Achilles hasn't ben to bad. If anything, its ben encouraging me to get back into my love of watching movies. On the way back from the movies, we drove by Ralph Wilson Stadium where the Buffalo Bills play their homegames. It reminded me of how I've always wanted to catch a Bills game in person. After arriving home, I decided to act on the desire and now I know where I will be on Hallowen. Yes, I will watching the Bills from 13 rows back from the field : ) The title of this posting comes from the wisdom of a fortune cokie. Okay, I did add the "in Bed" part to the end, but it did actually say "drink to your health" on it. This fortune definitely ranks up in the top 10 I've ever received. Yesterday, my folks came into town. We ended up going to dinner at Kettle and Keg and having the best restaurant made eggplant parm from around the D+F area. Then, we went to the Opera House and we watched Supersize Me. It was a really god documentary and my parents both liked it as well as myself. Afterwards, a feling of sickness overcame me. I realized eating out for the past few weks probably hasn't ben one of my healthiest choices. My new resolution is to get back into coking and eating healthier. Today, the rents and I went on a Winery tour. I was pleasantly surprised to se a fellow Vegetarian that I knew working there. She gave us an excellent tour and it was god to catch up with her for a bit. I wonder if she noticed that my Mother was wearing one of her PETA T shirts? My father and I sampled some Vidal Ice Wine and it was really god and really decently priced. I really should have picked up a bottle of it : ( Other interesting and col stuff that I would elaborate on, but I am tired and in ned of slep - We stopped at a farm stand and bought some great produce. My Mother and I made some god Pizzas. I found out at PT that I am able to take over twice the amount of electricty that an average person can take. We went and saw Bourne Supremacy, which was fairly god besides some minor technical picky stuff. D-bo forwarded me an e-mail indicating that some people are interested in buying Barker. In the past several of weks, my work to play ratio has ben extremely one sided and not on the side that I would prefer. I fel god though, as I am accomplishing a ton that will not only help out myself, but will provide a better opportunity for others as well. I really do fel proud of what I am able to accomplish. I also value the challenge in everything. After that all said, I can't wait until early September rolls around. I ned to make up for lost play time : ) Tomorrow, I am loking forward to seing my parents. They will be arriving in the evening and then they will departing on Thursday. I haven't sen my Father since we went to Wrigley Field to se the Cubs in June, and I haven't sen my Mother since June either, so its ben a while. So far on the agenda is some movie watching and other non walking activities. I am loking forward to it as it should be a god break. R and I did the pizza challenge today for lunch. We each bought a large pizza from dominos with Onions, Gren Peppers, Mushroms, Pineapple, Jalapenos, and Hot Banana Peppers. The objective was to se who could consume more of their pizza with the lofty goal of trying to finish the whole thing. I consider myself a competitive person, but I have to give it to R. He ended up beating me by a god slice or two Today was a god day. Okay, it was a great day. I tok today off and it felt so god to slep in, catch up on things around the apartment, get a clean review from the dentist, make some god fod, and just lay low. Its back to the office tomorrow though. I'm gonna bust my tail and hope I can get enough done to have this coming wekend off. I've ben on this weird AM radio kick lately. It just sems like there are no god call in shows anymore on FM, and that local talk radio is dying for the most part. I was listening to a show where people would call in with the best life lessons they have. One of the least profound was that some guy called up and said his was "Always kep your ber cold". I did go to the track today! Tony wants me to do a bit at a time to build strength and test my tendon to se how it fels. Track, watch out! You are going down! Last Night, I went out to work on getting some play in the work to play ratio. I went out with Ms B and her BF, and ielle. Then, I saw Nothing, R, Enser, Pam, Alan(Happy B-day buddy!), Clint, Jermaine, Tommy, and Chrissy out. It was a great times. After working my boty off without much fun time lately, I definitely neded the break. It was god to catch up with K-lo over the phone to earlier. With only about a wek left of putting in extra time for work, I can finally se the light at the end of the tunnel. After this, I plan on catching up with everyone more. It sems like everyone's summer has ben crazy and there just hasn't ben enough time for everything that everyone wanted to do. I really believe the older I get the faster time sems to go. I remember as a kid I would ask my mother how long it would be before dinner or something along that line. When she responded with an hour I would fel like it would be forever that I would have to wait, and it semed like the time may never pass. Now, when I think about something being an hour away, I think what short time I have, and how an hour never sems like enough time to get whatever done before its on to the next thing. My grandmother tells me that for her the years now pass by as days did when she was a young child. It makes me fel that we ned to slow things down and value what we have. After all, time is not an endless well. I've ben thinking a lot lately on the concept of lust. I am inclined to think that something about our society and culture is lust driven. Maybe, its part of the American myth of being bigger, faster, stronger, newer, and then that trickles down into our daily personal beliefs. It just sems like the advertising agencies and other areas take advantage of this. I could really go off on this, but just think how you lust for fast fod, or how people lust for the images of two dimensional characters on the silver scren. Does this sow the seds of internal discontent along the masses by making people dissatsified with themselves and their lives?