watchin big bro and my legs are so sore! dunno why on earth they're sore cos i just went to town for a we while and i didnt walk that much. but maybe its cos i was carrying people on ma back! urlLink went to se thunderbirds today! :-D yey! i think thats ma new fave word! yey! urlLink urlLink yum yum ber urlLink urlLink today has ben a day of rest so far. its 12.55 so im thinking about getting ready. sam is coming over at half 1 and mum should be home son with jane as well so... i better hurry! urlLink la la la u can tell im new to this cos im usin it every so often! urlLink urlLink col car from norfolk placey! it was near the beach! ;-) only ever sen 2 in my life, one down south and one in germany. urlLink urlLink Pirates of the Caribbean: Curse of the Black Pearl - Official Web Site just loking thru some favourites and this was on it! site is brill got little games n stuff which is god and you even get a recipe for this grog stuff i think it is - this drink anyway. try if you will! ok today was apple and im in a god mod just now cos im watchin quer eye la la la, which reminds me i ned to stop biting my nails! its so horrible! manicure! i ned manicure! dum de dum. urlLink first day of schol and.... oh dear me... very tiring. i had to go to slep as son as i got home cos i was exhausted! i still want my phone back though and... me gonna go to bed! urlLink ben working all day today so im a bitty tired out and cant think straight cos im tired out. so you se its an oblong circle of things. might be going to costa tomorrow with sarah and kim? i've ben invited but i dunno if i'm going to go or not cos i've got emily and im not sure if she'd be ok there for a few hours cos we go for quite a while. oh well, its another case of we'll have to wait and se! urlLink clink clink clink. urlLink upendi! lovely song i know i've just written something but its fun! :-) i love it! but its kinda strange though... yes... just a thought on 'mrs i'm so full of shit i cant say things to peoples faces' yeah telling me to go away, how lovely. im not pissed but i wish i was so i could understand what the blody hell is wrong with you? urlLink happy but sore. sat on my leg and its kinda going numb? anyway went to se the stepford wives with kim today! sarah couldnt make it cos she was at the beach with people for her birthday thing. pity cos we enjoyed ourselves. we met a lot of people from harris and i never realised how funny kirsty landels was! :-) she's col i like her! so now i have her msn addy and her number so i can txt and speak about her gran! (long story!) all was fun! and i listened to nice music all the way from my house to the cinema. dancing and singing going along the road through the industrial estate. just as well it was practically dead and deserted! i wonder if this will turn into a story again? i just have so much to say! urlLink i agred to everything he said and i was speaking in depth, but then he decides to leave. i wish i could do that but umm.... NO! i dunno wots up just now im in a touchy mod today. maybe its cos i've not had fod urlLink nope, not had fod so i'm going to get some now and maybe i'll be happier urlLink i admit i'm silly! i was just loking for people who have sonata arctica in their profiles and i thought oh yey theres another 16 year old male taurus like me! but it was me..... yeah kep walking urlLink lazy day today but i was woken up by the hydro electric man? he rang the dorbell and i thought NOOOOOO i'm tired go away! but i had to get up and check to se who it was, i had everything planned to say to emilys little friends if it was them, but it wasnt, it was the meter reading manny. oh well i let him in and he read the meters then i went back to my bed for a while, then i went and got a cup of tea and sat down for a while. then eventually i had to go to the pub at about quarter to 12. it was a strange day at the pub actually, they didnt get any customers until after 12. which meant they were sitting around for about an hour or so, some people even longer. anyway...... umm i was gonna say something on here but i cant remem AAAAAAAH! i know! i was gonna se the stepford wives today? but sarah had to work so it was cancelled, and its now moved onto saturday night. but she might not get there on time cos she has to make sure everyone is home cos shes got some birthday thing? the whole liam thing going on is pretty childish. i dont se why people arent allowed to speak to me anymore. just cos i called him an asshole? umm..... WOW? he sounds like he can be a right asshole at times though cos he always hits people. and those people happen to be girls and they are my friends to? so i'm not allowed to call him an asshole cos he hits my friends? and they're GIRLS for fuck sake, you're not supposed to hit a girl. then again, i'm not sure if liam is included in that because he can be a bit of a bitch sometimes y'no. anyway if he ends up reading this then.. oh well i dont give a shit, and apologise to garry for me will ya hun? i dont have a problem with him because he is civil and knows when to stop, unlike **certain people** oh yeah, and those insults directed at me? call them insults? i'd say they were more...... compliments? urlLink this blody thing aint working! urlLink omg i'm just like AAAH just now cos i've only got like... just as sec... 26 txts left on my txt quota. i do actually text a lot dont i? :-S opsies! well i've still got lots of minutes left! and when i say that i mean lots and lots! he he! anyway just now i am rather tired out. ben at work today, 5-9 - might not sound a lot but when theres low stock, shouting, lots of stuff going on well it sems LOADS! but its all ok though, in the end theres a reward. BED! and money of course :-P anyway i think i shall retire for this evening with my sore back and my rather itchy nose urlLink got the exam results today, not to bad - 6 credits and 2 generals. not feling to happy on the best friend thing again. i never kept a promise and this has caused an awkward silence. or maybe not a silence. when things like this happen i never really shut up i always persist in trying to speak to her and i mess things up even more sometimes. people say we're like a married couple. always arguing and things like that but i guess thats just the way things are betwen us. we have our similarities and also our differences. we are ourselves but sometimes being ourselves doesnt work and we have to either be a bit nicer or a bit harder on eachother. i really would like to have a proper conversation with her without me saying something stupid or something that sounds horrible when i dont mean it. please please please speak :'( i love you! :-) urlLink urlLink little old henry. he's such a cute little hover or should i say vacum. whatever he is, he's there to do a job and you're glad you have him. if there is a mess somewhere, just get him, clean it up and its all gone. its like your friends. imagine life without them, waking up every day thinking "i am alone in this world, there is nobody here for me" life would be shit. we all ned friends, and the jobs of friends is to help you through god times and the bad, share things and kep your secrets. you should also try to be a better friend to everyone you know. doing something nice for them makes them appreciate you more, and you appreciate them more because of this. it benefits us all. i'm happy with the friends i've got because they let me be me. they let the mad stuart run around like an idiot. dont know why i put the picture of henry up in the first place but it semed like a god idea at the time. urlLink exam results tomorrow hopefully. i wish everyone the best in opening the post when they get it. hope you done well you lot! i hope the same about myself. urlLink lovely! i'm feling great except for this empty feling inside. its called hunger!!!!! haha :-P i'm just filled up on flat soda water and i'm feling a bitty hungry. lazy day today, got up at 1 which was shocking considering my alarm went off at 8, even though i know some people get up a lot later than that, its just that i set my alarm for 8. anyway ENOUGh of this blethering. me going through to perth tomorrow again :D was there yesterday, cant remember wot sam is doing tomorrow, but if she's in i might pop in on her or give her a call ;-) so we're going colin hunting! its colin hunting season! yey! haha. some people call it stalking but thats not what it is, i'd say it was more like loking actually. anyho me gonna get back to ma film! ;-) catch ya later blog! urlLink not really in a god mod just now, got upset at the dinner table. first time i've ever broke down in tears in front of my mum and darren. and i was actually surprised at darrens reaction, "stuart, are you ok?" it just goes to show that you dont always se the nice side of everyone all the time. sam left early today, just after 5 or so which is unusual. she wasnt speaking to me for a bit. she had her reasons, i was being mody as usual. i really hate it when that happens. i go in a funny mod and start being horrible and complain about things then people dont speak to me then i get annoyed because of that and its all just because of me. it is pretty silly going in these mods so i made a promise - not to go in these mods again. i always end up being pissed off at myself for being like that and today it happened. i was very pissed off. i broke down. why do i kep acting like this? is it just me or is it another one of these "growing up" things? urlLink ok forgot to mention, i have a sore back :-( but its not to bad. and i went to se garfield at the cindema in perth yesterday with sam! yey! go us! go us! we've ben to se quite a few films this summer and so far every one of them has ben god! ;-) there was this one time where we were gonna go n se something but we decided not to and then we thought ok we'll go and se mean girls..... again! so we've both ben to se that twice now! not a bad film, in fact its quite true. filled with normal life-type things and all different groups of people in the schol life. highly recommended :-) urlLink urlLink round the bend, round and round. nah i'm feling fine! :-D had an ok day today and i'm back to eating normally. not ben eating anything for the past few days, just ben having the odd glass of water here and there and a tea or two. i think its because of the lack of coffe or something. havent a clue but oh well. anyway i'm feling fine and i've had my tea and i actually wanted more to eat which is unusual for me because i hardly eat anything urlLink