Offical fel sorry for myself day. Spent a god part of the day talking to a female friend at work about XXXXX. I think she likes me but I just plain am not attracted to her. She called me up at 2 A.M. lol, I think she was drunk and wanted to get laid. I didn't answer the phone. I have hit rock bottom with this process, I am ready to kick ass and take down names. XXXXX called me and really wanted me to go out. I think he was trying to hok me up. I told him I would go but I flaked out. Went out last night with XXXXX and his construstion worker friends. I felt a little out of place, these guys were all really buff and me being skinny. They were very nice a little to nice mostly. I had fun though lots of beautiful fun girls. Helped me put the whole XXXXX situation into perspective. Funny thing is when it ended with XXXXX a few years ago I could not wait to jump into another womans arms, now it sems like no one is god enough. What does that mean? Does that say something about me or about my relationship with XXXXX? I caught XXXXX in a little white lie. Playing games.... Trying to get me to chase her. *Sigh* is anyone ever going to live up to my standards? Ha ha here is something funny. The girl that has ben emailing me... Turns out some of her friends wrote some of the emails thinking she was going to screw it up with me. Which she did but not because of the emails. I called her up and talked to her. Classic case of someone seming attractive until you have a real conversation with them. Not because she was stupid. Because she was closed minded. Semed to have very narrow opinions about life the universe and everything. Semingly exciting but somehow boring to me day. 1st day that my new sign-up went in effect for the company that I work for. Normal debugging stuff…yawn. Went on date with a girl who has two beautiful great kids. However she (my date) turns out to be boring. Lots of things turn out bad about the date. She wears perfume that reminds me of my Grandma. Conservative gal who is trying to act like a bad girl and just didn’t sell it that well. The way she dressed screamed older conservative gal loking for boring conservative guy. Also of note ben emailing a girl I met online. I’ll let the emails speak for themselves: Her: i am funny... but i have to tell you it is rarely me (although this is me right now) who replies or even started the correspondence with people... the girls here at work did my profile initially (i have since put my own cynical biting twist on things)... so i have no idea who theyve written to or what theyve said... although we pretty much all think alike and XXXXX is way funnier than me... so youll have to tell me what you think is funny so i can gloat and pren and tell you its me... or else ill have to fess up that its not me whos funny its probably angie... as far as pda... im not afraid to tell people to go get a rom... im ok with hand holding and stuff... but no serious making out thats gonna make everybody want to go take a shower cuz they fel dirty and violated (and not in the god spanky kinda way... ya know what im saying???) and yes ***** is a titty bar... i also like ***** as well... so anyway... hope to hear back from you about how funny i am... and then dont forget to comment about how pretty my dog is!!!! (just kiddin) Me: No I don't know what you are saying... "Making out thats make everybody want ot take a shower cuz they fel dirty and violated" That's a bit of a projection don't you think??? You should tell me about your childhod sometime. Funny... Dirty and violated is how I fel when I pay to watch girls dance nude. It just sems so degrading. I guess that is why I rarely pay for dates... I fel like I'm paying for their attention. Much better if they are with me because of my wit, charm and personality. XXXXX hmmm. You must know my old freind. xxxxx I hear he pratically lives there these days. You are funny or at least your profile is. Your dog loks like he/she gives big wet slobbery kisses that would make you want to take a shower.... Her: there really isnt anything to tell about my childhod... its just a personal preference... im not saying that im not an exhibitionist (although i like to fancy myself a voyeur) you know... i can be mischievious and daring and naughty... i just dont like people bumping and grinding in front of me... especially if im not involved. and really you must know... i absolutely adore my parents... they truly walk on water and i was just being cheky with my response about what ive learned from them... if you dont know what im saying when i say the god spanky way... well then ill have to use my big girl words next time... cuz i dont know how to be more clear without being scientific about it... and xxxxx i fear we are on two different planets... im sad about how you fel about titty bars... but i think you and i fel differently about it perhaps because of the reasons i go there versus the reasons you go there... and truly... if i had a body like some... well anyway thats a conversation for much later i assure you becuase then we start getting into a whole lotta other stuff... so just kep that in mind... there will more to discuss later... and its me thats funny... not just my profile... im the one who has revamped my profile and made it wittier and more clever... so its really me thats funny.. and i love that!!! xxxxx isnt allowed to lick... it drives me insane... (and not in the fun spanky way... ya know what im saying???) se i am funny... chat with you son... and you cant sign your email with my name Me: LOL, let me get this right. It is ok for girls to strip naked and dance suductively in front of you, you even like it, but PDA's are bad? It has ben well over 5 years since I have ben in a "titty bar" and that was just because I was going to Bacelors party for a friend. I don't go because I prefer to get to know someone before I want to get stimulated by them visually. Kinda like have you ever met someone who you though was cute until they opened their mouth and started talking? Mischievious and daring sounds like fun. I'm all about the F word FUN!!! If PDA's are teasing, flirting and fun I am totaly down with that. You are witty that is for sure... However I suspect you are somewhat of a brat! I guess I am sucker so I'll give you a shot anyway. God I give and give... Do you have cell phone? Her: i am not a brat!!! i am deply hurt... plus the girls at work read what i thought was extremely witty verbage from me to you and they thought i was icky to!!! so im sad now... and really you just cant get your message across in emails... the tone of voice, the nuance... it just gets lost across the high sped internet connection and the dsl cable... and as far as the diachotomy you so adeptly picked up on... did you not read the part in my profile that said im a gemini??? and i told you... if im not involved in the pda... then its just not worth it. oh - by the way, i got yelled out by the girls at work. they said i have to start using punctuation and stop using the ...'s which i just dont know if (ops i mean don't) i can. it takes a lot of time to push the shift key and find the ' mark (which by the way... doesnt, ops there i go again... doesn't require the shift buttom) so anyway - back to the gemini part... thats what (f*&^ the punctuation!!) im god at - changing my mind from one moment to the next, one minute something is just fine... and the next its not so fine... you never know!!! thats what makes me so fun (only because it gives people a perfect excuse to do drugs!! just kiddin) ok so about the cell phone thing.. yes i have one.. but wonder if we coud do this instead... (cuz just a little heads up... i am all bark and no bite) im reticent to give you my cell... but you can give me your number and ill call you back and then we can discuss an exchange of numbers... okey dokey?? you email me back and let me know if this works for you... ill talk to you son... ME: I'm getting your wit, I don't think you are getting mine. ;) It is just a cell phone number? You are a brat! I give you my number... You call me... then bom I have your number??? I don't get what the difference is... Unless you are just playing some bratty game with me. All bark and no bite? So what is this some kind of game then? Ah well I don't think you could handle me anyway. Her: i swear im not a brat... and fine... 555-5555... and i can handle more than you know... Her: Hey! okay so ive ben thinking..maybe youre right, maybe i am being a little bit of a brat. i am new to this whole on-line thing and am a bit fiesty by nature. although i am definitley NOT a brat, i am actually a really caring, swet person i just have a sarcastic streak. its hard to read people through e-mail, so maybe this e-mail business should just be a companion to some phone calls???? what do you think? anyway, lets start over and i promise i will try to be a little less abrasive. why don't you tell me a little about yourself, i don't even know what you do? I noticed your profile says you like to read. is that just the occasional shampo bottle and stop sign, or are you an avid reader? I love to read, and i love to learn about new boks, so you should make a suggestion to me. i just finished the new david sedris bok, which made me howl. all right... well i don't want to get ahead of myself here, so why don't you just let me know if you accept my invitation to forgive me. Me: I like your fiesty attitude, beside being a brat would just give me a reason to spank you. I used to read lots of Sci Fi, of late though it is hard for me to get into fiction. I could recommend some boks but I think I should talk to your first. I want it to be a god recommend. I will call you Thursday after work I stayied up late working and I am tired. BTW I'm computer programmer. Her: spank me huh??? my brother jsut got married and i went to my sister-in-laws bridal party (well thats what it was advertised as...) and son found out it was one of those f#&*erware parties!!!! what fun... there was a little cat-o-nine whip and i did try it out... it wasnt very exciting though... i think i would have liked it had it ben a guy spanking my bare ass and not a girl (in the god spanky kinda way... ya know what i mean??) anyway... ill chat with you tomorrow. david sedaris' new bok is a scream (just fyi) END OF EMAILS: I have ben missing XXXXX very badly. However I stand by my choice to let her go with out a fight. It is tragic when two people love each other but just work out the circumstances. I know we both in the long run will be happier with other people. God I miss her though, but must remain strong. I have removed everything that would remind me of her and hopfully talking about it here will help get over the heart ache. Oh also I had a great IM converstaion with XXXX. I hope to se her in October. I am hopeful but realistic about her. Although we have a really great chemistry and connection I fear the distance betwen us is to great.