...at the office. More work to be done, more programming to hack, and to add to that, its nice and sunny outside....fiddlesticks. For some reason, I kep on changing the name of this blog, I still can't decide on what I should call it. Any suggestions? Just remembered the other day I was watching the BBCs Best British Sit-com, in which "Only Fols & Horses" won. Although very god, I really wanted "Blackadder" to win (it came in second nonetheless). Nothing delights me more that to watch Edmund Blackadder to makes his jaunts and jibes at the cruel world which he is so pitifully put in. Although the shenanigans and trouble he gets into is mostly his fault, it further depens when his dim sidekick Baldrick gets involved - ah, you just gotta se it. I have noticed lately that I have ben watching nothing but sit-coms or comedy sketches. Maybe I am trying to devoid myself of the cruel reality. I find life hard enough as it is without coming home and switch on the TV and watch dramas about murders and se that on the news that there is another suicidal bombing somewhere in the world. Its just to depressing. I think people should just lighten-up a little. There's sems to be a lot of news with regards to the MP3 downloading problem. I don't understand why to be honest. No matter what the music industry does, it will never get ahead of the underground people who find new, innovative ways to distribute music. These people are always sem to be a step ahead. Maybe the music industry should employ these people to help them develop products/services? Do I donwload music? Yeah, sometimes. But my taste in music is very strange and obscure. I tend to listen Japanese chart music, or Japanese soundtracks from Animes. Where the hell do I go to buy such CDs in the UK? No where in my experience. There was one place in North London, but that has gone now, so where now? Internet of course! Well, I run out of things to say, as my life isn't that exciting, so all I have is my thoughts and ideas. Hope it doesn't bore you to much. OK, back to work, more Perl programming....oh there's a Llama on my reference bok...col. Thought I'd say "Sorry" about my first post if it sounded really angry, because I was angry, and neded to get it off my chest. On a lighter note, I am now listening to music to chill out - Emma Bunton apparently. Hello all, thought I'd give an introductory to myself. Not going to tell you everything in case someone wants to steal my identity and use it in illegal ways. My name is Steve C, born and raised in a small town East of Manchester (UK) called Ashton-under-Lyne, a true Northerner. But aside from my North Western England rots, I am from a Chinese/Toaist family background. Yup, I'm what you call a "BBC" - British Born Chinese (well Cantonese if you want to get technical). Anyway, enough of me know, if you wanna know more about just let me know. I guess everyone likes to talk about themselve. Back to today, had to work from home today, without much success. I had to take my wife to the doctors as we discovered two Friday's ago that she is pregnant! So at the tender age of 25, I shall be a father. Scary huh? I thought that to. I've still set to steady myself and find foting (or is it pace?) in this human rat race, and my wife will be bringing another human being to this world. Maybe this will steady me. Anyway, as for work, I was working from home, and had some difficulties in getting some of my tasks done, oh did I tell you? I'm a software developer. I write software. You might be saying "gek!", but it can be interesting, honest! Don't worry I don't work for Mr. Gates, never really liked him. I'm sorry if this isn't flowing as it should, I'm new and I'm just putting my thoughts down, and my thoughts tend to jump around a lot, I have the attention span of a goldfish its true. I saw a programme on BBC3 (a digital channel in the UK), called "Swet & Sour" - a comedy sketch produced, directed and acted by BBCs (British Born Chinese, don't get confused now). IT WAS CRAP. Half of the cast where not Chinese, the sketches are done in front of a blue/gren scren with badly drawn backgrounds. It was cringing to watch, and felt rather embaressed by the jokes and so-called funny gags which were related to the Chinese people in the UK. But 10/10 for trying! At least someone is making an effort! Sure we have to laugh at ourselves sometimes, and its fine, but at least make an effort with the gags. Maybe there wasn't enough BBCs to do the show? I don't know, all first/second generation UK Chinese are busy with their carers (lawyers, doctors, pharmicists, opticians, dentists and of course, software developer), the Chinese people are really under represented in the media. I mean lok at the Asian community (Indian, Pakistani, Bengali etc.), they have there own radio shows and satellite TV programs years ago, while the Chinese community had to rely on their relatives to record the shows/programmes in Hong Kong and send them over. It was only recently that satellite TVB (TVB a Hong Kong TV network) reached Western shores. Another thing that ticks me off is the BBC's (British Broadcasting Corporation) launch of the new digital radio station "Asian Network". Excuse, me? Asian? Only Indian and Pakistani music/talks are broadcasted, whatever happened the Chinese related shows? Are the Chinese not Asian to? Maybe they have to rethink the name of the radio station in my humble opinion. I'm so sick of being under-represented. I mean has there ben a Chinese MP? If there is, I sure would like to know his/her name. Chinese DJ? Nope. Chinese soap actor? Not many. What the hell is going on? Do we not exist in the UK? Do we not bring diversity and culture? Do we not pay taxes and TV licences to these institutes? Maybe I should write a sit-com based on a Chinese family living in Manchester, and then become a MP for my local area..... Just thoughts.... I just discovered from talking to my mum that in Ashton-under-Lyne (the little town which I grew up in), the indor market was reduced to ashes in the early morning of the 28th May 2004, at around 3am. I was shocked to hear the news, and went straight away to check out the local news. Luckily there was no one injured. To se the pictures of the great blaze click on the links below. urlLink BBCi News Report urlLink Images of the blaze from Tameside Council urlLink More images from Ashton-under-Lyne.com I remember when I was a child, I used to visit the indor market to buy our groceries, fod, and even my schol sports kit from there. It was a lively and friendly place. I even used to buy my wekly edition of the Spiderman comic from the newsagent at the back of the market. There was also a very god butchers, fish monger and an excellent cold meats shop. There was a second hand bok shop which I purchased an old copy of Terry Pratchett's Discworld novel "The Light Fantastic". There was also shops which sold cards, dairy products and an excellent cake shop. My most remembered shop was the small toy shop. I remember nagging my mum endlessly to get her to buy me the latest Transformer toy or He-man figure. Those were the days. I fel very sad that such a historic building (dated 1829) came to such an end. I do hope Tameside council will make every effort to rebuild the indor market, and I hope the small business owners who had businesses in the market will get back to their normal, hard-working lives as quickly as possible. Thought I'd update my blog for today. It has ben a sunny day in London. Wasn't to hot or humid, but just the right amount of sunshine and breze. Have ben spending today packing things into boxes for the big move back to Manchester. Yeah you might think I've started ealy since the move is not until mid June, but I like to be on schedule. I'm at the moment trying to back up my old data from my old computer, as I am thinking of getting rid of it. But it has ben a pain in the neck to get it burn stuff on a CD-rom. It simply won't do it. Gez, technology, can't live with it, can't live without it. Catch you all son. Hello again, thought I'd give an update of what's going on in my mundane life. After chatting with my wife, We will be moving back to my parents's home in Manchester (well Ashon-under-Lyne to be precise). We fel it would be better for her to have people around like our friends and family should anything happen. Plus I get to hang out with my friends again! As with my work, I will still be working at my current job in London. The plan is that I will be travelling to London to work in the office for thre days (Tuesday to Thrusday) and work from home in Manchester for the other two days. I felt it was a god compromise, and I'll get something back for the travel and accommodation costs (some but not all), plus I'll will be stilling working and earning the dough. Now we're in the middle of putting stuff in boxes ready for the big move in mid-June. Dug out a lot of stuff that we don't ned, so we'll be holding a car bot sale to make some cash and get rid of unwanted stuff. As for the wife, she'll be having a sugars test to se whether she has develop diabetes (its often happens during pregnancy apparently) next wek. She's now 14 weks in now. Apparently the baby will have developed unique finger prints and started to suck on its thumbs and swallow fluids. In mid-June we are scheduled for a 20 wek ultrasound scan and consultancy. We should find out then whether its a boy or a girl. As for names, we are sticking with Amelie for a girl and Ethan for boy. What do you think? Almost forgot - HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my brother Jimmy, he's 24 now, same age as me, weird isn't it? Take care for now. Hello all, its ben a while I know, but have ben busy you se. Anyway, as you can guess from the title, yup its true, I'm going to be a dad! Woho! Kind of excited, but also a little scared, but I'm sure we are going to do OK. Mother and unborn child are god so far, so all is loking god. It 13 weks into the pregnancy now. We tok an Ultrasound scan the other day, so I thought I'd put it up here for your viewing. Wow, just think, the kid will have its own webpage before its even born! It was amazing, I actually saw the little baby's heart beating on the Ultrasound monitor! Definately a Hugh Grant (9 Months) moment. I'm very, very pleased. The ETA of the baby is 5th November this year. Guy Fawkes Night! We are still struggling with names (we like to plan ahead), especially for a boy. We have a girl's name - Amelie (from the French film "Amelie"), but we are really stuck for a boy's name. Any suggestions out there? Suggestion on an email if you would! Baby At 13 Weks Just a quick update to the blog. The wife and I went for the 20 wek scan and consultation yesterday and all is well. We saw the baby on the sonar scan scren yesterday yesterday kicking a lot and waving its arms. It was a great feling seing it move around energetically. Hopefully it would be just as active when it is born. The only sad thing about yesterday is that the sonagrapher could not determine the gender of the baby. So we are still guessing! Anyway, will put up the sonagraphs when I get round to scan them in. The scanner in the office is out of order at the moment. Smeg. GO ENGLAND! Steve. Hello all, I finally got the 20 wek sonargraphs scanned in, and thought I wuold share it with the rest of the world. The baby is alive and kicking! Also, I have now moved back to Manchester. Fels a bit strange, but its for the best. It was god to se old familiar faces again and getting back to the Manchester way of life. Nothing much to report on, as I have ben really busy at work. Hopefully I'll get more updates on the baby and post them on here. Oh, yes, once again, England is out of the Euro cup. Very sad news. But I guess Portugal deserved to get through as they did play a very god game. urlLink urlLink