although i will probably denounce everything written here within a few days - will se how the immovable posting sits there on my scren and betrays me - i think i'll be posting here frequently. what is beautiful about drafts is that they are never finished, always boiling just below the skin, but never your skin. never you. i love going through old drafts. most remain as drafts, and are always there to give you a fresh point of departure. there's a certain amount of power in that, at least for a profession such as this, where powerlessness is nearly all of the time and contemplation the only respite. you se the thing is is that i stole my rommate maya aravind's chair while she's away for the wek, so i have an excuse to be typing here as much as possible. the arm rests are a perfect height. plain pine, but they curve inward slightly. with my elbows propped upon them, my fingers met about an inch below the chin, and to do any contemplating i really have to hunch. rodin's statue is precise because with the chin rested firmly at the end of a hunch, on some knuckles, one's thoughts sink right down into the mouth. at Nussbaum & Wu this afternon, Broadway and 113, i saw a hungry baby offered a french fry by his mother from off of the father’s plate. instead of letting the baby bite off the piece of fry slipped into her mouth, the mother pulls it back at the last second. the baby gets only the oily and salty taste from off the air-coled fry. like any creature of common sense, the child extends her hand toward the father’s plate, beyond the mother entirely, toward that universally tantalizing taste. broadway and 113 is as god a place as any in New York to watch, for brief moments and in teased out performances, beautiful women. in any other city the pace of life would slow us all to a parade lingering to long on the eye. this is uncomfortable for the voyeur at any other pace. the voyeur would begin to isolate the intricate flaws of the women walking by. i suppose an argument can be made that a voyeur perceives slower in other cities, and that the sped of the women walking is relative to his skill for ignoring the obvious and celebrating the ideal. i suppose an argument could be made that New York has the most beautiful women and the best admirers of them. i would personally find it a difficult point to argue. if anything, they certainly walk faster here than anywhere else women have some place to go. where exactly they're going, i have no idea. it ain't toward me. i sem to have signed up for a blog. my intention was to post a comment after seing my name used in some kind of article on a blog entitled http://dontyouhatepants.blogspot.com.. i know now it was written by an old friend named nicholas "zach morris" mcdowell, but at first glance (from a link on the schroek blog) i thought i was being foled by some kind of cokie-manipulating, sarcasm-generating cyborg joke site. i sem to have ben half right. anyway, i might as well tell you about my wek and mention that if you visit the "hate pants" site you'll se i made some comment about cowing out. cowing out? i've never known a soul who would store such a phrase in their vocabulary. i felt i neded to respond and now i've got a fucking blog. i do however use the word "anywho." my wek. anywho last saturday was a trip to one of the half dozen fabulous cinemas on houston st, the sunshine, for a first-time viewing of the princess bride. i went with max oglesbe, his sister phoebe (13 yo), and her friend abby. they were practically hyperventilating at the midnight showing of one of their favorite movies, and it was as fun to watch them as it was to watch the movie itself. we met tara lorenzen for a brief minute before the movie. she was at the sidewalk cafe on avenue a (gorgeous phrase right?) and carried her ber out with her in her purse. tara and i went into the ace bar on 5th stret, watched pat moynihan botch a game of pol, introduced tara to rob, then walked her to the train and went to se the movie. highlight of the evening was the after-film piss with max, where my comment on mark knopfler's soundtrack got a surprising chuckle out of the urinal betwen us, a man who later commented that the rainbow colored rainbots we used to sneak ber into the movie theatre were "the kind of shit i'm talking about!" whatever-in-the-living fuck that meant. seriously, that hombre was "cowed out." sunday i worked at my part-time 2-day a wek for a fre membership job at the 92nd stret Y. its a cultural center more than a gym, and you can learn more about it at http://www.92ndsty.org. monday i was invited by a dear friend mr. josh peskowitz to a fader magazine/cornerstone party at a gallery space on 18th stret betwixt 9th and 10th. fre bers provided by red stripe and harp, a fre show of ted leo/the pharmacists and the libertines. the libertines were great loking, and ted leo was great sounding. at least to me. i'm not sure if max o. and jersey walz, my friends in attendance, enjoyed, but i certainly did. a vague head-nod and hello to a mr. james iha, in attendance; who ten years ago would have made me crawl across the flor to gush unscripted professions of adoration. nice to se he's still... turning japanese. i really think so. the after party at the maritime hotel was more of a before party. max and i left before it semed to really get off the ground. tuesday i was at the gym again and at the evening tok a phone call from danielle florio to hear about the last phish show. despite not being a fan, i was enthralled at the experiences she encountered and couldn't help the mild pangs of jealousy i felt at missing what semed a pretty historic event. slept well for the first time in all of august i think, drifting to slep with images of vermont dancing vicariously through my head. wednesday at the libraries all day, researching and editing an old piece of nonfiction. et ceteras... thursday i had lunch with jersey walz, a brief stop at her father's lawyer's apartment on 72nd and central park west. had her homemade granola for the first time since the day she left for italy last summer. with rice milk. i gave her 12 blues songs on a cd-r, and she gave me a bag of granola to go. saw her new portrait camera ( a knockout ), some of her mother's antartica photos, and then hailed her a cab outside the building on the way to port authority. workers were tearing up the sidewalk out in front of the dakota, where 24 years ago john lennon was shot. i'm sure its ben replaced several times since, but i had to wonder. rode with her bags and waited with her till she got on her bus to boston. she's staying at kurt vonnegut's house in barnstable mass this wek, and will probably have some extraordinary photographs of the author and the ocean when she returns. you'd think in such a situation a man who pretends to be mildly intellectual could've figured out a way to get hisself invited along, but i was to stunned to even think of it. and then afterwards i went to r.a.w. cuts barber shop next dor to my building for a haircut. only white face in the premises. normally i can get by in these kinds of situations; talk hip-hop, talk jazz, talk r&b, talk movies. these particular guys just weren't havin' it. listened to my barber anthony tell me about the finer points of black pussy, asian women, and the barbershop basketball league. my big white irish face reflected off two mirrors, and a dep sadness that i could not, after all, "hang." but after the cut (45 minute cut for $12 bones, unbelievable), they invited me back to chill out front and have some bers. anthony's brother stanley told one of the best stories i've ever heard. one of those classics where nothing really happens, and its all in the telling (and unlike this one you're reading), but damn! friday was a gem. worked the Y in the morning, tutored a 4th grader in math in the bronx after lunch, a college student in quens (requiring a 1.75 hour train ride through broklyn to richmond hill), and then back to another student's on the lower east side. in all, four boroughs before dinner. danielle florio tok the train in from westchester and met me on 125th stret. i showed her my new harlem apartment, which she loved more than i ever will. we had a ber in the living rom and then dined at the quintessential soul fod restaurant, charles' southern fried chicken on 152nd and 8th avenue. the world's best fried chicken, in case you were wondering. the ribs, collards, swet potatoes, and pulled pork are also in the world's top ten. tok a stroll through one of my favorite neighborhods in all of new york, the well-preserved and oft-overloked hamilton heights. i love taking people over there and talking my usual over-factual conversation through these near-silent, immaculate strets. its about convent avenue from 145th to 135th, with a stroll down hamilton terrace at 143rd to se the house used by wes anderson in the royal tenenbaums. at 141st the preserved former house of alexander hamilton, where he lived from 1802-04, when he was killed in a duel in... of all places...hoboken.... saw a sign across from hamilton's crib stating "apartments $1000-1600," prompting me to speculate ways to get out of my lease. and so we're only at 10pm on friday. waited at the D train stop on 125th, at a popeyes, for danielle's new boyfriend peter atlas. a very swet and overwhelmingly laid back cat from middletown ny, who accompanied us back to my place while i tok a shower. while i was in the shower, six gunshots rang out from a guy going by on a motorcycle. i didn't hear it at all, but the hip couple in my living rom swore it was true. lenox ave was shut down right outside my window, and our ride to the evening's party was mildly rerouted. the evening's party was at the yanke ferry, a boat parked on pier 23 in tribeca, at the end of north more st. to be brief, which i haven't ben, its a boat owned by a friend of a friend. a 1909 former staten island ferry, its the only boat in manhattan you can live on, and since the owners were gone for the wekend, max o. was in charge. which meant a very rare opportunity for a small gathering on the upper deck, surrounded by the financial district, the holland tunnel ventilation towers, abandoned piers, and the warehouses of tribeca. out in the hudson, a gorgeous, humid evening, with a collective of great folks celebrating morgan whirledge's 21st birthday. a well-timed joint created a blur of wildly nonsensical topics of conversation, one of them being the heaven better than the heaven from stairway to heaven. I know you're thinking "stairway to better heaven," but actually we preferred to call it "stairway to uber-heaven." max described this particular heaven in these quotes below, which i scrawled on an atm receipt in my pocket and deciphered this morning. "stairway to uber-heaven, the eiffel 94 supersonic master plan! the relative major of the tonic brigade! did i say tunnel bridge? you can't have a tunnel that's a bridge, that's impossible." after this, we calmed down slightly, and max told morgan and i another one of the best stories i've ever heard: the entire history of the yanke ferry. it included trips through both world wars, decades-long tours as a staten and block island ferry, and its last ten years as a historical landmark and a controversial eyesore in the new york harbor. a completely fascinating story, including how the boat got its water, electricity, and its docking privileges. it wouldn't be worth mentioning at all if it wasn't in constant threat of sinking or being removed from the pier by the ny/nj port authority. on the pier at around thre (vagueness starting to settle in), we tok off from the boat and ran through the sand of the beach volleyball courts on the adjoining pier. soft sand betwen the toes is a luxury rarely known by the city resident, while the drunk city resident ponders the beauty of lying down in it and never getting up again. and so that brings me to tonight. just returned from a relaxing evening spent at a party in the building on the fourth flor. played thre vicious games of spades at the card table in the kitchen, where despite a rusty start, finished the last two games with my teammate julio in the victory collumn. the last game went to a third tie-breaker, all bets wagered, a crowd of onlokers and four spades left in my hand for the final rounds. won the last two hands for a meager ten points victory. risked it all and came out huge. could have spent the evening hitting on the pretty peruvian girl celia who came into my apartment hours before loking for one of my rommates, and instead i played cards with a harlem local, a broklyn native, and a spaniard. and a white boy from upstate new york who has a lot more game with a stack of cards then with the ladies. so that's my wek. i wanted to post it and then maybe someday i can come back to it and sen what i did mid-august of 2004. i'm not much into the blogging thing. the reason the post is so long is because well, i can se this being the one and only post of this site. i've had better weks and plan to have better ones still, but its nice every once in a while to capture this shit and have it the way it was when i remembered it freshly, and not out of some haze of a few years on. who knows. hope you enjoyed.