On a white dish was served a visually appealing and delicate piece of dessert. The Warm Chocolate cake is a hemispheric dark crisp crust dough encapsulating melted dark chocolate. Sandwiched betwen rich cream on the top and a fresh orange slice below, the cake is a delightful treat. The orange favour blended nicely with the melted dark to creat that classical Javanese Orange-favoured chocolate taste, while the midly-favoured cream dilute the rich favour with a touch of milky swetness. Surrounding the cake is a ring of strawberry syrup with which the crust can be dipped to give a light fruity tingle. While, it is an interesting favouring to the rich chocolate, the strawberry syrup, I reckoned it however to be more of a visual effect. On the ring are equally spaced bits of strawberries, black-currents and raspberries. The cake goes well with tea since the tea will dilute the rich favour and give a more balanced overall experience. The tea served there however lacked the richness in favour so it is advisable to let it infuse for a longer time. The trip with Stad and Lin Xi ended a little later than intended and was setting me back on my work by quite a bit. Stad and us departed at Clementi MRT station after we missed our station at Bouna Vista. Lin Xi and I reached back hall at around 12 midnight and it was time to work for me. Preparation of proposals to be mailed out to potential partners was to occupy me for almost 1 hour until Ivan came to rom while on his way to collect laundry. Ivan is one of my better friends in Hall and we have a common interest in gym-training. We chatted for almost 2 hours while he waited for his laundry to be ready, and it conjured images when we first met: It was during orientation and I just gotten to make some new friends - Shih Yang, Ivan, Stad and Praven. For us, the common interest is becoming fitter and an unusual fondness for physical training. Almost every night after dismissal from a long day of orientation, the 6 of us will gather at the foyer forming up in a circle and start doing varieties of push-ups. 1 year ago, I would have laugh myself silly to even think of exercisins to lose weight, but now I am exhilrated after 30 'diamonds', 30 'standards' and 30 'spiders'. How people can change so much. This entire idea of the "push-up club" started when I met Ivan (coincidentally back then was also collecting his laundry) while out on my corridor hanging my clothes. Being the few 'rare' Singaporeans in hall, we sort of identified with each other immediately. We chatted at the corridor outside my rom and was son joined by the rest. The chat with Ivan was long and ranged from work to WWE and movies. I have to admit that it was a long while since we chatted and I am occasionally lost for topics now. Luckily, there was always gym and exercises to restart the dialogue. In a sense, the chat was very much welcomed as it definitely smothen that certain amount of friction had arisen after I was appointed the FOC chairperson. I was giving him (Ivan is the Hall president) a relatively hard time during my negotiation with the Float committe back then and one issue had led to another and since then I find it a little awkward to talk with him. Loking back, it really sems somewhat childish to be bickering over the issues that hogged both my FOC committe and the Float committe. I have to admit the relationship with people from Float, a majority of which were friends, had taken a pretty bad downturn. For Shih Yang, fortunately, things were different and I truly appreciated his friendship and support. Anyway, the chat with Ivan was a welcomed relief and assurance that we are still friends, things I supposed should be back to the old time after he finishes his term as president. From 330am onwards, I was rushing through all the materials to be prepared for the sponsorship proposals. And it was amazing how long it actually tok just to prepare 8 copies of decent proposals. I finished at around 540am and headed upstairs to wake Lin Xi up for her morning flight. Breakfast was at 620am after I helped Lin xi with her lagguage. I had Nasi Lemak at NUH and a bottle of my favourite yogurt drink. I returned to my rom at around 710 and spent the next 1 hour or so watching the WestlemaniaXX that Ivan lend to me - specifically only the Playboy's Evening Grown match - since that was the only one match that I missed. At around 2pm, I was woken up from my slep after dozing off from the watching WestlemaniaXX by a sequence of urgent knocks on my dor. Apparently, the office knew that Lin Xi had passed her rom key to me so that I can check-out her rom on her behalf. It was a scandlous affair and it sems like there were many misconceptions by many people about my relation with her. Then again, I would to if I was one of them. Apart from working hard on the planning of FOC and the theatrical production for next year, I had spend much of past 2 weks helping Lin Xi with her website. The fact that she had shifted to the rom just above mine made our metings more frequent and it was bad when many of my colleagues stayed at the same block as us. Anyway, having settled her rom check-out, I was to finish some matters of my own - to send out the proposals. I asked for official envelops from Jackyln, only to incur the unreasonable outlash by the hall manager Rose. It sems mightily unhelpful if Rose was to continue precieving resources of hall's ownership as seperate from that of hall's student activities when the financial support we harness on behalf of the hall goes into hall's account. Since neding to go out to settle my matters, I decided it was god to prehaps met up with my best friend, Weisheng. I had actually promised to met him on the previous Friday but had not being able to do so due to some delay in a committe meting. After dropping my mails at Bouna Vista station, I tok a train to City Hall where we were suppose to met though that meting will occur only in another 2 and a half hours. The ride was a god 30 minutes and I was glad to be having some reading material. It was a biannual report on local literature and arts, and this issue explores the micro and macro social interactions that defines 'self'. The first article is a postscript of Chris Mann's lecture entitled "Engaging the Cosmic Dust, the Shades and the Poetry of the Self". The article was well-written and enlightening with its concept of shades. 'Shades', he had stated in the article as spiritual manifestation of others in one self. An individual is an inner, spiritual society of 'shades' that interacts amongst themselves and influence the self. Identifying 'shades' and reconginzing their presence and 'suggestions' is the way to reidentifying oneself. "How often do I actually realized these 'shades' in me?", I thought. Weisheng is definitely a 'shade', in fact, it would be ridiculous that he was not since we had ben friends for 10 years and confided in each other our felings and secrets. Not to mention also that in him there was always much to be learnt. I met him at around 645pm or 650pm. When I saw him, it struck me how more fragile he loked compared to the last time. We walked from City Hall to Clark Quay in 'hope' to met our long-lost 'friend', Bon Siong and fortunately we did not succed, hence unfortunately we ned to walk all the way back to Fullerton One. At Fullerton One, we had some bites and tok time off to chat at Baker's Inn. There were so much to talk about and inevitably, we also talked about Bon Siong and the people we met back in NS days. We finished at Baker's Inn at around 920pm and headed to the Merlion Park where we sat on some "arty-farty" post-modernist fancy scupltures that serve as highly comfortable seats. There we chatted more. It sems to me that till now due to some unknown reasons, both us, when it comes to girls, still have this sense of inferiority. Our final stop was at Esplanade and chat we did once again. It was literally non-stop talking from the moment we met at City Hall MRT, and I guess we would not have had this much to say should we be studying together. We departed at around 1100pm and I reached hall at 1247pm after a short supper at NUH. It had ben a long night. For two days, I had ben connecting with people, a thing I seldom do and that I should try doing more. Like what Weisheng said at Esplanade, I ned to open more and when I befriend people, I should sincerely want to do so. For the past 2 years since coming to NUS, I had not made many friends and felt insecure but failing to realize that I had not actually being sincere in befriending people(though reasons of having not attended lessons is one main factor in a sense). Somehow I also benchmarked friends to much with my existing group with Weisheng, Eechyi, Zhang Di, Mark and 'Riders of K.E.'. The past two days had ben an unusual bustle of events. Rightfully it started on 11 May, Monday at 245pm when I was woken up by a call from Stad. It was one of his lecture days and on days of such, he will be in campus and almost definitely will be asking me to lunch. Today however we shall be having a someone else joining - my 'Shifu' or 'mentor'. While I addressed her as 'mentor', Lin Xi sems to have yet to teach me anything useful at all. She is a Chinese national who arrived here 4 years ago to study. I got to know her when we were colleagues in the publicity and design department for the organizing committe of a song-writing competition. Oddly, we somehow semed to be able to click and hence remained relatively god friends till now. For a girl, she is somewhat boyish in character, (luckily) though not so in terms of loks. It is prehaps because of this that I am able to relate to her as a friend more than with other girls. I had always reckoned her to be the type that one can say things openly to and have no fear of the "wide-eyes treatment" that girls so often meted out upon us guys. Anyway, she will be leaving home for the current vacation and will be leaving that following day's morning for an early flight back Sichuan. Having promised her to bring her around town, I invited her to join me and Stad to lunch. Before that however, I was to help her pack her stuffs and moved a bulk of it to my rom for safekeping during her absence. It tok quite a while and it was amazing how much stuff this 19 years old girl owns. Lunch was in Holland Village, at my favourite resturant in the area - a Chinses resturant known as the 'Crystal Jade'. We had Shrimp Dumplings, Fried Beancurd Skin, Shao Mai, Braised Chicken Fets, Steamed Pork and Fried bef nodles - a very typical fare. Typical while it may be, eating here is sort of an indulgence for me and I never failed going there every so often to just simply indulge myself. It is an important part of my life, since staying in a student hall, god fod is almost never integral to hall life. And it is on this common philosophy coupled with a fervor for cycling that me, Stad and two other fellow hall-mates - Dan and Bryan - founded the "Riders of K.E.". For the four of us, no time is to late and no where is to far in our search for a god and filling supper. Lunch was followed by a short walk in the humid weather to Bouna Vista MRT station, and a 35 minutes ride to City Hall. A further 20 minutes walk interlaced with some spordic instances of window-shopping, eventually lead us to Suntec City. There we continued with main activity of the day - to watch a movie and "Van Helsing", it was. The show was relatively god with nothing except loads of actions and tons of special effects. After two weks of examinations, a philosophical film that sets the mind thinking is the last thing on my to-do list. Time passed by quickly and by the time the movie ended, it was almost 915pm. We headed to CHIJMES but never drank anything and did little other than showing Lin Xi around the century old former schol-ground. While it was to be one of the more "prestigous" hang-outs with its expensive meuns and supposingly cosmopolitian nature, the CHIJMES we encountered was somehow just a nothing more than a dash of colourful lightings on a white chapel. In a way, the mix of American jazz and Irish folk in the background is the only tell-tale sign that it is a "cultural melting-pot" if of course one considers such audio mixture being qualified of such connotations.