urlLink NightSky Friday - July's Blue Mon There is a Blue Mon today - which is a second full mon occuring in the same month. urlLink Science And Consciousness Review Francis Crick, the co-discoverer of DNA has died. Click on the link for more. urlLink Crater on Mon Linked to Rock Found on Earth A very interesting article, and to me it highlights the high level of science our society has to date. A rock found in an Oman desert turns out to be a Mon rock and not just that: scientist know what crater it came from. Unspeakable... IT HAS ben described as the world’s largest open-air museum, packed with fine statues and important archaeological sites. But Italy’s rich heritage is under attack as never before from vandals and professional thieves. In a series of incidents in the past four weks in Venice and Rome, hammers have ben used to smash statues and fountains. In some cases, the heads of Roman statues more than 2,000 years old have ben cleanly cut away using powerful circular saws, more than likely by professional thieves working to order. Authorities are so worried by the problem that they have assigned police to guard key sites and have even set up webcams to watch over suspected targets. But the cultural carnage continues unabated. The Rest: urlLink Scotsman.com News - International - Vandals mount new attack against Rome What is it about getting my hair cut that I just can't like? I've ben procrastinating my trip to the studio for weks now, and - also for weks now - my loks are growing more and more ridiculous. Usually, the indicator that it's barber-time is when the hair at the back of my head starts to curl. It has ben curling for thre weks now. Thing is, I only have time to go one day a wek -and each time that day off is there, I want to enjoy it. Thus: procrastination. I could wait another two weks for my holidays... hmmmm. I'll never lok like Captain Caveman because I am balding, but the longer the locks, the bigger the patch sems. All right!, next Tuesday I'll go. (I swear one day son I'm shaving my head -period! With baldness creping in already - I am 23 so help me God - that doesn't sem like a bad idea at all.) urlLink MESSENGER Web Site Not long ago we were wondering if Man was roaming about Space at all of late, and the next instance there are so many little mechanical insects about it's becoming difficult to kep track of them all. So Galileo is at Jupiter , we've got several bugs over at Mars and our god friend the Cassini-Huygens is doing great stuff over there at Saturn . So where is MESSENGER going? Well... Mercury ! If you have an planner or agenda, then please jot down next Sunday (!) for the launch of MESSENGER. It'll get there in 2011. urlLink Presentations at the Second Forum on Outer Planetary Exploration - sse-strategy If you're not scared of technical jargon, then I urge you to check out the .PDFs on this site immediately. They deal with the planning of future space missions to the Jovian and Saturnian systems, and several of the - very interesting - mons. I especially liked the one plotting out possibilities of a lander on Europa. urlLink NPR : Remembering Movie Composer Jerry Goldsmith I found a worthwhile interview with Goldsmith, it's in Windows Media and can be found at the above link. It has music on the background as well. Goldsmith's music was one of the reasons I started to love film scores. He was definitely one of the reasons I started collecting them. I went to his last birthday concert in London, last February, and back then he already was to ill to attend himself. I'll remember that as a very special occasion. Goldsmith's film music was intelligent, experimental and above all genuine. Like all god film-music it crept under your skin. He was capable of writing themes that stuck in your head and music that defined mods. What distinguished him from so many others was the way he influenced not just his colleagues, but entire genres. We called him a living legend, and now he'll be remembered as one of the great composers of our century. Read the article on urlLink StarTrek.com for a more detailed account. st1\:*{behavior:url(#default#ieoui) } Work is interfering with my studies. I planned to study Welsh a bit every day, and even planned to throw in Afrikans, but even when I planned only about 15 minutes every day, it honestly is to much sometimes. Work is mind numbing, and it is virtually impossible to stir it back to life after returning a la maison. I usually study Welsh each morning before going away to schol or work, and sometimes even that time is better spend sleping. My Welsh is not improving much, in other words. In fact, no intellectual endeavour that I like to practice is at this time. Reading - writing - programming - language. Full glottal stop. The splendour of a vicious circle. My very casual and uninteresting day at work ended with something of a buzz. It began to rain. However, not just your average garden-variety mizzle , or even the more than average thunderstorm downpouring. This was business. This was God flushing his heavenly toilet. And it lasted for more than an hour. The effect? Leakage! After enjoying the spectacle outside massively for some twenty minutes, people began to worry about rainwater sneaking it’s way inside the complex - as it had ben prone to during heavy rainstorms in the past. And after half an hour of heavenly torrent: lo !, like a flod it rushed into the wod department. It crept underneath walls and bubbled up sewerage pipes. The drains were overloaded. We ended up coercing the water out through the back dor, and it tok a total of 30 man personel pumping and sweping to kep the entire hardware store complex from choking up. ( second flors excluded) I try to imagine what would have happened were there no people to kep the onflow under control… entire departments would have ben drowned , most likely. The not so nice thing about this story is that the weather is not going to change any time son, and that in fact later tonight another one of those heavenly heaves might fall from the sky. And if not tonight, then later this wek. Dutch summer at its best! I’d better train my sweping muscles. Amazon.com is rearranging - and probably improving - its Reviewer’s section. While I was skimming through my reviews to find out what happened to them, I noticed they made my The Last Samurai review a spotlight review. This is going the right way: first Johnny Cash, now Hans Zimmer. Unfortunatly, the spotlight has swerved away from Johnny Cash in the meanwhile. I don’t wep, because after all, it did reap 230 helpful votes. Hans Zimmer - The Last Samurai review: urlLink http://tinyurl.com/68cbr I use Amazon reviewing to practice my writing skills and to se if anyone actually reads what I write. Thus far, I am not at all dissappointed. In fact, I think I should write reviews with a higher frequency. I just came back from an open-air house party. Oh man that was god! It was a small gig with just one stage, but it featured Benny Rodriguez and Laidback Luke amongst others. Added to that were a score of live instruments like djembe and saxophone. Really great. It was a reminder of how much I love the not-so-commercial dance genre. I went there with two lady friends, who were ready to go elsewhere within an hour (I was having a ball!) so thank God an old friend whom I hadn’t sen in years was there with me as well. I hung around with him after that. It was unbelievably hot and somehow I didn’t get any sunburn. I don’t know why… I didn’t even get that much browner! I think a negro would have ben sunburned in that sun. But I was spared. I guess helping that old lady across the stret must have pleased God or whatever. Weird things happened as well. Things like people calling me and expecting a conversation while I am right in front of the podium dancing and shouting at Laidback Luke - things like several of my metal friends showing up at a dance gig. (Including one who had ben calling me gay the entire wek for wanting to go se Laidback Luke.) Things like acquaintances showing up minutes after I ordered a taxi so I couldn’t stay any much longer. And the strangest thing, after coming home my parents had somehow heard that I had found a girlfriend there and they were expecting juicy details… Must have happened while they were calling me during the Laidback Luke session… urlLink New Dep-Sea Creatures Found in Atlantic Col! I've ben interested in dep sea animals ever since I saw one in a picture bok. This is probably because they lok like something fantastic out of a dream. It'll be col to arrange a trip down there and to take a few peks around. urlLink Space.com There may be water just under the surface of Mars, as might be shown on this picture. urlLink Science &amp; Technology at Scientific American.com: Highways Help Pigeons Find Their Way Home And there I was, thinking I was the only one using the stret that morning. urlLink Vatican attacks radical feminism For anyone who'd like to shake his/her (especially her) head in a disgusted negative, you should read this. It says feminism's view of equality has inspired ideologies which "call into question the family, in its natural two-parent structure of mother and father, and to make homosexuality and heterosexuality virtually equivalent". Personally, I think the Church should stop trying to regain control of its followers' minds and start renewing its ideas. This new document - and any other document like this in the history of the Catholic faith - was written with control in mind. Control over Catholics' lifestyle, ideas and most importantly: creativity. In order for the Roman Catholic institution to survive over the past 1,700 years, it hasn't allowed any opposing or personal views upon the faith. (If you doubt this, lok up any article dealing with the "Albigensian Crusades") Only when you practice blind faith in the words of the Church - and only then - will you make it to heaven. Anything else is blasphemous. The Church has ben making concessions the past 20 years or so, but with pain in its heart, and never on the most important topics, which deal with fredom of body and soul. It's not so much that today the Church is outdated, its that we fred ourselves from its grip and left it behind like we leave behind a bad idea.