When the Prophet Muhammad, blessings and peace be upon his noble soul, conquered Mecca, not a single drop of blod was shed. Almost every prisoner was forgiven in the end, and each and every one of them, enlightened by the peace and mercy radiating from the faith, reverted to Islam. The very people which had before expelled Muslims from their holy city, were forgiven in the end by Prophet Muhammad, blessings and peace be upon his noble soul. The Quraysh, very tribe which had plotted to murder the life of the Prophet, was forgiven in the greatest of mercy and manner. Hinda, the woman who had chewed the liver of the Prophet's beloved uncle, Hazrat Hamza, in public , was forgiven by the Prophet Muhammad, blessings and peace be upon his noble soul, when she begged for mercy. When the forces of Sultan Salaheddin ibn al-Ayubi conquered Jerusalem from the hands of the barbaric king of England, Richard, not a blod was shed and not a person was harmed. What a great contrast from the Crusaders, who had murdered every innocent person in Jerusalem when they had it conquered during the First Crusade. When the perfect Muslims forgave their greatest enemies, why cannot the Muslims of today? What are we compared to the Prophet Muhammad, blessings and peace be upon his noble soul, and Salahuddin? Glory be unto Allah, the Most Benificent and Merciful. Peace is what Muslims must strive in: " So patiently persevere: for verily the promise of Allah is true: nor let those shake thy firmness, who have (themselves) no certainty of faith. " al-Qur'an 30:60 Glory be unto Allah, the Most Benificent and Merciful. The Prophet Muhammad, blessings and peace be upon his noble soul, forgave his greatest enemies and accorded them the best of mercy. The Prophet Muhammad, blessings and peace be upon his noble, is the Divine Example, and it is one of the greatest ebadat to follow him. " Ye have inded in the Messenger of Allah a beautiful pattern (of conduct) for any one whose hope is in Allah and the Final Day, and who engages much in the Praise of Allah. " Quran 33:21 Glory be unto Allah, the Most Benificent and Merciful. Allah, Glorified and Exalted be He, orders the Muslims to be just and fair, fighting for fairness, even if it can mean being against our own parents or kin. "O You who believe! Stand out firmly for justice, as witnesses to Allah, even as against yourselves, or your parents, or your kin, and whether it be against rich or por, for Allah can best protect both. Follow not the cravings of your hearts, lest you swerve, and if you distort justice or decline to do justice, verily Allah is well-acquainted with all that you do." al-Quran 4:35 Glory be unto Allah, the Most Benificent and Merciful. Peace and mercy is thus etched into the heart of Islam, the faith of justics . Any act breaking the rule of mercy and peace, is thus breaking one of the greatest laws of the faith of Islam. And verily, unto Allah, Glorified and Exalted be He, is our Return and our Judgement. The glorious Sun breaking through the clouds amidst a dep blue background - just one instance of a magnificent gift from Allah, Glorified and Exalted be He. The monson season is the rage in Bengal this Summer, and after witnessing rain plumetting down wek after wek, the glorious Sun came as a wonderful respite. The rain was a very beautiful sight of course, and many of the showers and storms I witnessed were very romantic. A very interesting thought came across my mind. I would like to share this with all of you. Allah, Exalted and Glorified be He, could have easily kept us, the children of Adam and Eve, in Paradise, but He chose for us a much greater beginning - proving and strengthening ourselves, amidst any examination or tribulation, as worthy of being slaves of the Most Beneficient and Exalted, through the great examination of the magnificent gift He has blessed within our breath, life . This life is merely not a medium for pleasure. Integrity, faith, strength & belief are the ingredients for success amidst the noble heart of the Believer. Watched the Euro 2004 quarterfinal matchup betwen the Netherlands, my favourite team, and Sweden. The game forwarded into the highest gear possible in extra-time; Sweden had so many chances hitting the post, and Holland had a completely fair penalty not given. And por Zlatan, the pressure got the better of him but what the hey; a penalty miss in such a high-profile game in a major tournament by a very young player is quite normal. But what magnificent goalkeping from Edwin van der Sar in the end. Brilliant save to deny Melberg - Ed has finally ben the successful goalkeper in a penalty shotout. Holland thrashed the odds yet again, and the question remains - can they go close as to win the European Championships? I pray yes. A bright awakening amidst the ode of song-birds. Romantic trickles of rain radiate the diversity of life amidst a picturesque background. The monson of Bengal is in full blom. A rather late post, but I have ben quite busy for the past few weks, working on my personal website. I hope to finish the project by a wek or so, if Allah, Glorified and Exalted be He, wills. It is set to be quite a wonderful job, and I hope to integrate my artistic ability unto the Design, which I created myself. Please pray for my well-being and success, for your duas are an eternal radiant light brimming with golden pearls sure to enlighten my soul. May Allah, Glorified and Exalted be He, bless you for your humility and kindness. One of my child-hod passions is Astronomy, which has continued to intrigue my thoughts throughout the entire span of my young life. When I was little, my dreams were rather fascinating; as an Astronaut on a distant planet smashing and beating up ugly aliens. Alas, it was due to watching to much Dragonball-Z, but the everlasting Sky played a major part to. One's childhod years are such a humorous and eventful passage. It is still a great desire of mine to study and research the great mysteries of Astronomy. The mansions of the Sky are magnificent marvels of Allah, Glorified and Exalted be He, which has continued to fascinate and enthrall the Mind, from the beginnings of mankind, to even the highly-advanced times of today. Passionate inded is the heart of a Believer. Kep care, my noble brothers and sisters. It was midnight. I made my way gingerly towards the rof of my house, where a nebulous yet beautiful light awaited me in the horizon. When I arrived at the balcony, my eyes swayed towards the everlasting sky. Great awe and admiration filled the epicentre of my heart, as I witnessed one of the most beautiful sights that I had ever sen in my life; the full mon enlightening thousands of misty clouds around its aura. A wonderful largesse from Allah, Glorified and Exalted be He, one which has inspired many poets and littérateurs, and something which enlightened a great and radiant hope within my soul; faith . The mansions of the heavens are inded what makes life such a magnificent gift from our Lord. It is resplondent of the great love Allah, Glorified and Exalted be He, has blessed us with, and one which radiates eternal faith within the heart of thy Believer. The felings which erupt in my heart when I witness such wonderful sights cannot be expressed in mere words. Love, faith, belief, overwhelming emotion - they twist in an everlasting whirlpol the believing mind. It is similar to the wonderful phenomenon one experiences while in a state of great reminiscence. Ah, what a beautiful life. ‘Then opened We the gates of heaven with pouring water; and caused the Earth to gush forth springs, so that the waters met for a predestined purpose.’ al-Qurán 54: 11-12 Memory is very much like a whirlpol of emotions - joy, unhappiness, anxiousness, the aroma of Eid - they ravage my thoughts. I can still remember the swet days when I was a toddler, the beautiful smell of Eid radiating through the courtyard, my grandfather and father taking me to the Eidgah for the salah , my mother making us delicious faluda , nodles , payesh - it was divine. Like the most beautiful day in the world, joy and happiness radiating in the air around me. Everyone, even the porest of the porest, forgot their sufferings and joined in the great celebration of life. This is one reason why I never want to leave where I am standing now. The celebration of life. Life is so wonderful. It can make you happy as you can be in one summit, and unhappy in the other. But if we can bond both of them together, into faith , thereupon dawns the victory of man. Allah, Glorified and Exalted be He, has created and blessed life to be such a great celebration. The Sun breaking through the clouds, beneath a dep blue background, the odic birds waking man from his dep slumber, the snowy polar bear swimming amidst the breaking ice, the beaver chipping away at the leaning tre, and the greatest sight of them all - man bowing prostrate to the glory of his Lord, underneath the beautiful canvas of nature. ‘Blessed is He in whose hands is the Kingdom- who is powerful over everything- who has created death and life, so that He might test you as to which among you [proves that he] is god in conduct.’ al-Qurán 67: 1-2 All praises be to Allah, Glorified and Exalted be He, the Most Beneficient, the Most Kind, the Most Just, the Omnipotent, the Most Merciful, the One and Only, the Most Gracious, the Most Wise. O Lord of Muhammad, O Creator of the Universe, we beg for your love, compassion, and guidance; for truly you are our Lord, our Master, who created us all, and blessed life within our lungs. Truly belongeth with you all the knowledge of all that is. Glory be unto Allah, the Most Beneficient and Fair. Knowledge, science, and wisdom are one of the greatest facets of the mind which our Creator, Allah, the Most Beneficient and Merciful, has blessed within us all. If we can utilize such magnificent blessings from our Lord, the Most Wise, then inded many, many, many great feats are achieveable. The Prophet Muhammad, blessings and peace be upon his noble soul, advised us many a time to gain knowledge and wisdom through every aspect and curve of life and the World. Many Islamic scientists, scholars, and philosophers dipped into the everlasting ocean of knowledge and wisdom; learning much and gaining immense knowledge and wisdom about the various angles and brances of study and science - astronomy, anatomy, biology, geology, mathematics - thus radiating the great truth of al-Islam . We had the greatest scientists and philosophers in the World; for instance the great mathematician, Muhammad ibn Musa al-Khawarizmi, known as the grandfather of the modern-day computer, for his foundation of algorithms and algebra, Abd-ul-Rehman al-Sufi, the greatest of astronomers, who mapped extensively over 1000 stars, nebulaes and constellations, Abdullah ibn-Sina, the majestic anatomist and philosopher, and the extremely wise and knowledgeable philosophers Abu Nasr al-Farabi, and ibn Rushd, whose combined works radiated more knowledge, enlightenment and wisdom than even those of Aristotle and Plato. In the world of today however, we have lost much of our heritage. Poverty is struck dep within the very heart of our Ummah, and we are unable to radiate the enlightenment our forefathers so brilliantly exemplified. We have forgotten what is Islam, we have forgotten to search for knowledge and wisdom, we have lost almost everything. It is the United States of America and behind her, the forces of Europe, who now lead science and technology. It is the West who are now occupying our nations. It is the West who are so much more technologically advanced than we are. Do we even have a single chance in beating such an overwhelming opposition? YES we do. The great faith and religion we have; al-Islam , the religion of siblinghod and wisdom - is the enlightenment which can radiate knowledge and wisdom everlast within our injured soul. Through belief in Allah, Glorified and Exalted be He, the foundation of faith and Islam etches itself within one's heart. O my brothers and sisters, I make a plea. Let us delve again into science, knowledge and wisdom - and strive to sek science, knowledge and wisdom. Let us study about the World, let us study about the Universe, let us study about the Human Body, let us study about the many forms of technology, let us study about genetics, let us study about plasma science, let us study about all that is to be learnt - for truly our Lord has blessed within us a mind capable of achieving such great feats. Our Ummah is bleding - but not our Islam. Let us heal the wounds of our Ummah through gaining knowledge and wisdom - let us counter the West through science and technology - let us counter the West through our Islam - let us prove ourselves to be followers of Prophet Muhammad, blessings and peace be upon his noble soul. ALLAH-U-AKBAR.