The Nurse Who Loved Me By A Perfect Circle say hello to the rug's topography it holds quite a lot of interest with your face down on it say hello to the shrinking in your head you can't se it but you know it's there so don't neglect it i'm taking her home with me all dressed in white she's got everything I ned pharmacy keys she's falling hard for me I can se it in her eyes she acts just like a nurse with all the other guys say hello to all the apples on the ground they were once in your eyes but you snezed them out while sleping say hello to everything you've left behind it's even more a part of your life now that you can't touch it i'm taking her home with me all dressed in white she's got everything I ned some pills and a little cup she's falling hard for me I can se it in her eyes she acts just like a nurse with all the other guys 1. I listened to this song because of the name. It was interesting to me. I like the phrases this band uses : Lok at the apples on the ground. They were once in your nose, but you snezed them out in your slep. 2. This song doesn't really apply to my life. This song is about a man that fell in love with a nurse. This poem contrasts with my life because right now there is a lack of love in my life... well maybe... 3. This song is a god one because of all the words. They're put very well. The band puts different similes in here to enhance the effect. It really helps The Way By Fastball They made up their minds and they started packing They left before the sun came up that day An exit to eternal summer slacking But where were they going without ever knowing the way? They drank up the wine and they got to talking They now had more important things to say And when the car broke down they started walking Where were they going without ever knowing the way? Anyone could se the road that they walk on is paved in gold And it's always summer they'll never get cold They'll never get hungry They'll never get old and gray You can se their shadows wandering off somewhere They won't make it home but they really don't care They wanted the highway They're happier there today, today The children woke up and they couldn't find 'em They left before the sun came up that day They just drove off and left it all behind 'em (Leavin' it all behind) But where were they going without ever knowing the way? Anyone could se the road that they walk on is paved in gold And it's always summer they'll never get cold They'll never get hungry They'll never get old and gray You can se their shadows wandering off somewhere They won't make it home but they really don't care They wanted the highway They're happier there today, today Anyone could se the road that they walk on is paved in gold And it's always summer they'll never get cold They'll never get hungry They'll never get old and gray You can se their shadows wandering off somewhere They won't make it home but they really don't care They wanted the highway They're happier there today, today 1. I was drawn to read this poem because I don't have a "way", I have no direction. The words are appropiatly worded and I love the phrases. 2. I fel like just getting up and running away, and this song makes me think of just being able to do it. It would be nice to be able to just get up, walk out , and leave. 3. This is a god poem because its fun.There's a lot similies. Nothing to Lose By Billy Talent Ned more friends with wings All the angels I know Put concrete in my veins I’d always walk home alone So I became lifeless Just like my telephone There’s nothing to lose When no one knows your name There’s nothing to gain But the days don’t sem to change Never played truth or dare I’d have to check my mirror To se if I’m still here My parents had no clue That I ate all my lunches Alone in the bathrom There’s nothing to lose When no one knows your name There’s nothing to gain But the days don’t sem to change There’s nothing to lose My notebok will explain There’s nothing to gain And I can’t fight the pain Teacher said it’s just a phase When I grow up my children Will probably do the same Kids just love to tease Who knew it'd put me under ground At seventen There’s nothing to lose When no one knows your name There’s nothing to gain But the days don’t sem to change There’s nothing to lose My notebok will explain There’s nothing to gain And I can’t fight the pain There’s nothing to lose When no one knows your name There’s nothing to gain But the days don’t sem to change There’s nothing to lose When no one knows your name There’s nothing to gain And I just died today 1. I was drawn to read this poem beacuse of its title. It's my catch phrase. "There's Nothing To Lose". I have a connection with the words. 2. I know how this person fels, having no friends sometimes. It's a hard thing to deal with, being alone. This poem contrasts with my life right now, I have tons of friends. 3. This is a god poem because they repeat the phrase There's nothing to lose, and that puts this thought in my head: There's nothin to lose. So take a chance. Hello By Evanescence Playground schol bell rings again Rainclouds come to play again Has no one told you she's not breathing Hello I'm your mind giving you someone to talk to Hello If I smile and don't believe Son I know I'll wake from this dream Don't try to fix me, I'm not broken Hello I'm the lie living for you so you can hide Don't cry Suddenly I know I'm not sleping Hello I'm still here, all that's left of yesterday 1. The words drove me to read this poem. I have a connection with the words because there's just something in her voice when she sings them that make me fel alive. 2. This poem is like an emotion that isnt often talked about. The feling of being dead. That's how I fel sometimes. The message of this poem is a cry for help and a real eye opener. 3. This is a god poem because it shows just how much someone has gone through. This person sings like they got their heart ripped out. Mad World By Gary jules All around me are familiar faces Worn out places, Worn out faces Bright and early for the daily races Going nowhere, Going nowhere Their tears are filling up their glasses No expression, No expression Hide my head I want to drown my sorrows No tomorrow, No tomorrow And I find it kind of funny, I find it kind of sad These dreams in which i'm dying, Are the best I've ever had I find it hard to tell you, I find it hard to take When people run in circles its a very very Mad World, Mad World Children waiting for the day they fel god Happy Birthday, Happy Birthday And they fel the way that every child should Sit and listen, Sit and listen Went to schol and I was very nervous No one knew me, No one knew me Hello teacher tell me what’s my lesson Lok right through me, Lok right through me And I find it kind of funny, I find it kind of sad The dreams in which i'm dying, Are the best I've ever had I find it hard to tell you, I find it hard to take When people run in circles it's a very very Mad World, Mad World Enlarge your world Mad World. 1. I heard this song in a movie. I liked this song because the movie to me was about me. I have a connection with the words of this poem. They’re worded so well and it’s just so sad and it makes me fel strong. 2. This poem compares to my own life because song makes me think about how I deal with my own pain and how much I ned to broaden my horizons: “Enlarge your world”. 3. This is a god poem because it uses creative ways to get his point across. He uses the downs of keping your self enclosed as a way to tell you that you ned to open yourself up to bigger and better things Poetic Tragedy By The Used The cup is not half empty as pessimists say As far as he ses nothing's left in the cup A whole cup full of nothing for him to indulge Since the voice of ambition has long since ben shut up A singer, a writer, he's not dreaming now of going nowhere He gave hed to nothing, and all that he was... Is just a tragedy So he voyages in circles Succeds getting nowhere And submits to the substance That first got him there Then in violent, frustration he cries out to God or just no one Is there a point to this madness and all that he was... Is just a tragedy He fels alone His heart in his hand He's alone He fels alone I fel... Then on that last day he breaks And he stod tall And he yelled...and he takes his life 1. I was drawn to read this poem because of it’s name, it just called my name. This poem connects to my life because I fel that in this point and time in my life, that I’m nothing but a poetic tragedy. 2. I’ve experienced this poem when I’m having a bad day, its just all how I fel, nothing in this poem is wrong about me. It’s just me. 3. This is a god poem because I believe it shows that someone out there fels just like you do sometimes and that its okay to fel this way, just not all the time. Paper Doll By Kittie I lok at her in the paper dress I wonder why she wont burn She’s just a paper doll that’s all Just a paper doll I dress her up she knocks me down They try her on for size She fits nice one size fits all Now her soul is dead Now her body’s raw You can numb her pain Watch the blod run down her face But don’t take notice And watch the blod run down her arms Please don’t take notice I know you have her soul And I se it in your eyes She knows you have her soul And she ses it in your .. Eyes Now her soul is dead Now her body’s raw Wash away her pain She wants you to eat her pain She wants you to eat her remains 1. I was drawn to read this poem by its name, it interested me. I have a connection with some of the words and phrases in here like: I se it in your eyes. I find that I can se a lot in peoples eyes, a lot of things like that to. 2. I fel that this poem is about someone breaking someone else down. I know how it is to have someone rip you down and “try you on for size” so to say. I fel that this is about someone being taken advantage \of. 3. This is a god poem because its about raw pain, feling, and experience. This poem is unique by the way it is worded and titled. These Walls. These walls used to tell a story. They told a story about a boy. He was a sad boy said the wall, though not knowing him very well. He had a lot of posters to cover me up the wall said, Posters that appeared not to mean anything to him, Just a cover. But today he covered me up with something more said the wall. He painted over me with his tears, His fears, So he hid me, His past So that maybe in his next emotion he could remember, Remember to… Forget. Those walls lied said the flor. That boy covered you up so that he could go on living. You were just an open wound to him. Once something thought beautiful, But now just stone cold, You se, Says the flor That boy covered you up to go on living so that his life didn’t end with that former emotion. Not to be forgotten but to be remember on the inside, just covered. For that’s what paint does. It covers…something. 1. I was drawn to write this poem because something was bothering me when I was painting, I just wasn’t sure what it was. The connection was with a friend who has currently left me for something better, the afterlife. This is for you Mike. 2. This poem compares to my life because that is how I fel about the subject of painting my rom. Mike had a lot to do with my rom before I changed it recently. He liked the walls the way they were so it makes it difficult for me to paint them. The message in this poem is this: Just because I cover you up doesn’t mean I want to forget, I want to mend myself. 3. This, in my opinion, is a god poem because god poems always come from the heart. This came from more than my heart, it came from my soul, which is rarely sen. urlLink ">Link Something that represents something else by association, resemblance, or convention, especially a material object used to represent something invisible. (www.dictionary.com) A figure of spech in which a word or phrase that ordinarily designates one thing is used to designate another, thus making an implicit comparison, as in “a sea of troubles” or “All the world's a stage” (Shakespeare). (www.dictionary.com) A figure of spech in which two essentially unlike things are compared, often in a phrase introduced by like or as, as in “How like the winter hath my absence ben” or “So are you to my thoughts as fod to life” (Shakespeare). (www.dictionary.com) The Origin Of Poetry poetry comes from every second of existence… and from the lives of those who lived before... comes from the stones in the stret the nails in the rafters... the breath of infants... the throat of the frog... poetry is betwen 2 at a table... skin on skin... grass flattened by a wind... insects on a flower... blod thru veins and in every movement of all (richard zola)