So I returned from Japan on June 20 after spending 2 weks over ther learning about my company. Talk about a new experience... First, I went with a guy who speaks some limited Japanese - he live there for 6 months and was given immersion lession every day. Thanks to him, I wasn't completely on my own. But even when you are over there with one person who speaks english, you start to speak in simple sentences. So Drew and I were dropping words evne when talking to each other. Being over there was great. The fod was completely different from over here. Breakfast loked like most other meals to them: some sort of sushi or fish, miso soup, an egg (not like american egg, they have fluffy layered swet eggs at most meals), rice, and a pickle salad. Lunch was whatever you wanted: Ramen, Soba, Okonomiaki (shredded cabbage, meat, swet sauce, spicy mayo fried like a pancake on a griddle - delicious), Curry (they have CoCo Ichiban like we have IHOP), or any number of small resturaunts. You pick what you want to eat by walking around and loking at the display cases in front of each restuaunt. The fod there was usually very god. There are several flavors that are common, while prominent, they tend to enhance the fod and not overpower what you are eating. Because of that, you don't get tired of the sauces. Dinners were many different things... We had a lot of Yakiniku - plates of raw meat that you cok over a charcoal grill at the table, lots of sashimi (I like it better than sushi), yakitori (chicken on a stick), and my favorite meal of all Kobe style bef. Kobe bef is bef that was raised on ber and massaged every day. The result is a fatty, incredibly marbled bef that has the smothesttexture and best taste ever. One little peice of this was better than any steak I had ever had. Of course, it is served raw. We dipped it in soy with lemon, garlic, and jalepenos. Unfortunatley, it was also the most expensive dinner we had. Even though I love American fod and missed it by the end of my two weks, I would love some authentic Japanese fod in America. While I was over there, I got to do some limited sightseing. I went to the top of Tokyo tower (slightly higher than the Eiffel Tower). From up there, all you can se it city to the horizion. It made me appreciate how large Tokyo was, and how lucky Americans are to have such space. The cities in Japan are packed with people, since only 20% of the land supports population (the rest is mountain) the density of people is staggering. The Tokyo subway was the biggest example of this, besides being a huge spiderweb of subway and rail lines - the public transportation system in Japan is MASSIVE. If a train is full (forget getting a seat on the train during commuting hours - standing is typically full) people will back into the car, forcing those already in the train to get a little closer together, and make it far enough inside that they don't lose their nose as the dor closes. It has gotten so bad on the subway cars that there are specific - women only cars during the busy times. This prevents dirty guys from taking advantage of the to-close conditions - which has apparently ben a problem. This isn't helped by the fact that short skirts are pretty common over there. I was definatley most unhappy while I was riding the subway with wy 2 weks of luggage during the bust times. In Tokyo there is an international section of town - around Roppongi tower. This area is packed at night with Japanese, American ex-pats, South African, European, and I am sure pretty much anything else. We were warned to stay away from certain establishments advertised by urban-americans... they tend to be EXTREMELY expensive. The night we went out in Roppongi, we went to a 70s band bar. We walk in and order songs off a menu that a japanese cover band gets up and plays. The lead singer loked like Japans versio of Ozzy Osbourne. The band was actually pretty god, and our waitress did a great Janis Joplin. After Tokyo, we went to Nagoya for more business stuff. On our day off we got to go to the Nagoya port (Nagoya ko). They have an aquarium similar to the Tennesse aquarium in chattanoga, except this one had an Orca and Dolphin show similar to Sea World. It was a pretty interesting time. I couldn't help but think of all the fish I saw as being my dinner for the last few nights... I am fairly certain I had eaten a few of the types of fish we saw that day. We also saw a Japanese cruise ship dock from some sort of trip. I guess it was a disney cruise because is the M-I-C-K-E-Y song blaring in non-english... some things don't ned translation. For lunch at the port we found an oasis of western culture... Jerry's Uno was a taco joint that had american ber and reasonable approximations of tacos. I had one bef and one fish taco that both tasted great. Also in Nagoya, we visited a Japanese temple. Around the temple were many smalls hops in all 4 directions leading up to the temple. Here is where I did a lot of my souvenier shopping. Of course, no where tok credit cards - something I was completely caught off guard by. They are still very much a cash-oriented culture over there. The temple was nice, you walk up under a giant arch, guarded by two fierce warrior/demon statues. Then you pass by a big pot of insence - blessed to drive out evil spirits and sickness from your body and to bring you luck. As you walk into the temple, you have many people around you gathered in front of the viewing area. There is a collection pit to throw a hundred yen into, and a gong that you hit with a rope before you pray. Indise the viewing area are elaborate gold statues, fresh flowers, and a monk praying also. It was an island of extravagance amid beautiful eastern architecture. The inner temple was gold, and white, and light wod while the outside and whole outer temple area was red, some gren accents, and a dark wod. As you leave the inner temple area, there is a place to donate 200 yen and receive a fortune. If you like the fortune, you kep it; if it is a bad fortune, you tie it to a giant lantern hanging over the insence pot to cleanse it from your spirit. My fortune was just "ok". How it was translated semed to fit into my life and persona well - so I kept it. But it wasn't one of the great ones. One of the last towns we visited was Hyuga. Hyuga is a small town on the southern island of Kyushu. Our biggest technical center in the company is located here. During the day we got to travel around a se some of the landsacpe. Since this is an island, there are many amazing places to se. There were many rocky beaches. The mountains stay gren and go right out into the ocean in some areas. It was similar to pictures I had sen of Hawai, but in the valleys in Hyuga are houses and such. I really regret not having a camera on me. The scenery was so picturesque, and I really can't put the beauty into words...but the camera wouldn't do it justice either. Also in Hyuga, on the top of Kushi mountain was a Bhuddist shrine called Bu Shari Tou. This was a white obelisk like temple with statues of Bhudda in various positions. There were statues in each cardinal direction, and a giant statue on top. Being on the top of a mountain, at a temple, with ocean on 3 sides, and overloking the rest of the island was definatley moving. There is said to be a bone of Bhudda buried within the center of the temple. It would be an appropriate place for an important artifact merely by the beauty and serenity of the location. That was one thing about the temples I visited... They don't inspire awe in the same manner as the cathedrals I have ben to. They are definatley holy locations, and you do experience a sense of power from them. It is a differnent feling, there is a serenity and connection to everything that was inspired in me. The sense of power and awe are also in Christian cathedrals, but they are slightly different in the way they are inspired... Well thats pretty much it. I spent 2 weks in immersed in a much different culture. The experience was one I will never forget. I hope to go back, and bring Katie with me. But probably not until I can learn more Japanese... Ordering fod and drink is about the extent of my language skills right now. It will be a long while before I spend another 16 hours on a plane... even longer before I watch Welcome to Moseport again (thank you ANA for showing the exact same 4 movies going to and coming from Japan)... Next wek I got to another foreign country... CANADA! Fortunatley, its America lite - I should fit in just fine. Well, I should be writing a report for work on my 2 wek trip to Japan... so what do I do? I create a place to write about my trips everywhere online to kep from writing for my boss(es). Way to go, Ed. Apparently, my procrastination skills are getting a bit dusty from college. I should be able to find something completely different from what I am supposed to be doing... but no. Today I decide to do something just slightly not what I should be doing. So Hello there! This is my blog. I don't know what it will be, if I will be funny, informative, or a complete waste of time (100 bucks says it will be the last one). To put my future writings in context for those who don't know anything about me: Name: Ed Home: Raleigh, NC Age: 24 Marital Status: Single, but hopelessly in love with a girl I have ben dating for 6 years. We'll call her Katie. Occupation: Sales guy for a japanese silica gel maker What the hell is Silica gel: Processed sand - used for humidity control, ber filtration, cosmetic filler, tothpaste filler, paint flatting, plastic property modifier, pharmaceutical raw material, and fodder for dumb white powder jokes. Hobbies: None right now, but I used to play Saxophone, water ski, play Everquest (quit due to sucking my life away). Now I mostly go to work, travel a lot, and spend my time with Katie. Oh well, thats it for now. Will try to kep this up to date and pass it along to friends. Last wek I went to visit a friend in Seattle, WA. I had a hotel on 3rd st downtown (nothing fancy - as we must always kep our hotels under $100 a night). We spent the day walking around the city. Across from the Mariner's stadium was a brewery/pub called Pyramid. They had an Apricot Wheat that was very god. That night, after my friend met up with me, we went out to Elliot's (resturaunt on Elliot Bay) and all had a linguine with mussels (caught hours before) and pesto that was very god. All that you hear about Seattle having great coffe is true... I enjoyed a great latte every morning at the coffe house in the lobby of our hotel. After 1 day in Seattle, we drove the 3 hours to Vancouver, BC. It sems that each city you visit has a specific detail that makes it memorable or beautiful... Seattle has the waterfront. Vancouver had mountains in the distance. The weather was mild and clear while we were there, so we spent most of our fre time walking around. Vancouver has a large range of mountains about 30 minutes away by car. Whistler mountain is supposedly some of the best sking in the world. I wouldn't know though. Despite several trips to Colorado in the winter, I have yet to go snow sking. Canada sems to be a god place to visit based on what I saw. The prices over there sem equal to what we would have in the US, but when you get home and lok at your bank statement, you get a pleasant suprise. The currency exchange basically gives you a 25% discount on everything you bought. Thats about all I have, nothing terribly interesting happened on that trip, just a standard business trip to a place I have never ben to. Until next time... -Ed